Oh Shit.
You dirty bitches.
What know now.
Oh,
okay.
Fucked up my flub.
Right.
I had a false start out of the gate,
but like you saying bolt,
I will recover my shitty start.
The Joe Rogan experience podcast is brought to you by [inaudible] dot com that's
o,
n n,
I t,
makers of Alpha brain,
shroom,
tech,
sport,
shroom,
tech commune,
new mood,
strong bone,
all of these different things.
Well,
the big one is Alpha brain.
That's my favorite.
That's the one I rely on.
And uh,
I use all of them,
but to me,
Alpha brains,
my baby,
I wouldn't,
I wouldn't give that shit up.
That's stuff's amazing.
I've gotten Lorenzo Fertitta completely hooked on it.
I've got a lot of people hooked on it.
It's,
uh,
it's very effective.
What it,
what is it?
Their vitamins that enhance brain function is a bullshit.
No,
this is may,
it maybe it's a placebo.
I don't think my crew from a triple up,
we were in Scotland and I was having a rough morning and I was like,
fuck it.
I'm Alpha Brandon today.
And the,
and literally they said no more Alpha brain.
I said,
why?
And they go,
you will not shut the fuck up the whole van.
I was just playing these games like I was like fucking,
I was funny a shit,
but it was like,
they were like,
you're fucking exhausting us.
I was,
my wife outlawed Alpha brain when I'm hanging out with my daughters because I
don't know.
I don't believe my daughters,
I just think of jokes.
I'm just fucking firing while I love the shit.
That's weird.
That sounds like your high,
like your wife was telling you not to get higher on your kid
does not do that to me.
Are you dipping your Alpha brain and cocaine?
No.
No,
no.
But if you take some information and some coffee,
you're fucking creative.
End.
This is the new thing I heard.
If you put a little bit of nicotine nicotine,
nicotine gum is this shit emulates creativity.
Nicotine.
We had rob both on the podcast who,
uh,
talked about that about nicotine gum being really good for creativity.
Makes Sense.
Apparently what's really bad about cigarettes is the 590 different things that
they added to make them more addictive.
Which you know,
you want to know that you've been sold down a fucking river by politicians.
How about the fact that you're fucking cigarettes have 590 ingredients and all
those bitches do is make it easier to hook you what his cigarette companies like
added 20,000 good ingredients to it on top of the 500 bad one cause then it will
be more good than bad.
At the end of the day man,
you're still burning things and taking that burning chemicals in your mouth and
that can cause cancer.
It just can,
you know,
even the,
the the best case example of burning chemicals and then breathing it in.
I don't see how that's going to help you.
The tobacco itself is not nearly as bad.
They're just a burning plant matter is not nearly as bad.
But if they put a little bit of asparagus or aloe into that smoke though,
you know,
so I think I'm saying for like you're a for quitting,
and,
and for I think tobacco supposed to be like if you like one of those Americans
cigarettes,
one of those things called those are supposed to be to kick.
They're also harder to smoke them worse for you.
And when they go out they go and everyone complains that they go out,
they just told stop burning and they start burning set on him.
All the shit,
all the loyal,
the little gasoline in there to keep it running.
They actually actually cigarettes now have these things built into the paper,
at least in California because by law they have to have these stoppers.
So when people flick cigarettes out the window,
it used to be they'll just burn all the way to the filter where now they have
like these things that's built into the paper and it stops it from smoking,
which probably gives you even more.
Yeah,
let's start adding to that.
That is the best thing I ever did as quit smoking and quit dipping.
I was addicted to dipping.
Worse than anything.
That's like a grab bag of money.
That's all it is.
You know you shouldn't be selling that shit.
You know you shouldn't be hooking people on that.
Get out of that business.
That's a creepy God damn business.
But what if your company was Philip Morris Tobacco and then you're driving a
fucking Ferrari and flying around in a private jet because you're poisoning all
these fucks.
So you have to keep like grease and politicians.
And that's why you never hear any of these guys.
You never hear Obama.
You never hear Bush.
You never hear anybody talk about getting rid of cigarettes.
They never do.
They talk about homosexuality,
they talk about everything but fucking,
they talk about Trayvon Martin,
but they don't talk about fucking cigarettes.
Cigarettes kill for this is a conservative estimate.
It could be more 400,000 people a year
and it might be adding a special effect to accidentally smoking a cigarette on
his way over here,
right after a strep throat.
You'd have to wrap your fucking head around that.
Man.
That's a lot of God damn people.
That's a half a million people like a picture of stack of bodies and there were
all rotting all because of cigarettes.
That is really crazy.
That is fucking fucking astounding.
Any other product,
if they told him that had that number,
they'd be like fucking magic happen tail.
Did that take out the Kale farmers?
Cale was killing 400,000 people a year.
Get your fucking imagine,
but people like would I like it though.
It helps me lose stay thin.
I should so much better with Kale.
I love what I see Green Shit on the toilet paper.
Kale,
Kale is Kale killed one person.
They would shut down the fucking Kael factories but cigarettes and just steady
kills.
Killed and more than one person.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Fucking salad always gets that disease on it or
not.
How they've killed people were seeing medical diagnosis and has some Ohio
disease.
Your conversation was running with snow shoes on for me.
Mud.
That was what?
That Salmonella ski goggles on.
Two baseball gloves.
Yeah,
that is true that a lot of people have gotten sick.
They've,
I think it's Ecolab,
Ecolab all bye from eating spinach especially.
And apparently it's because the way some farms are set up,
the shit from the cows actually runs down.
Like the water from that shit will get onto the crops and that can have ecolab
because,
and one of the reasons why I can have you cold eyes cause they're giving these
cows things are not supposed to be eating to make them fatter like grains.
It's the cattle were supposed to eat grass.
That's where the,
that's where their natural food is.
So when you don't give them grass,
they apparently can get really sick with the cola and then that shit gets onto
the spinach.
Yeah.
So it all goes back to like farming like an ass.
I think people have died from that.
I think hale has killed,
I don't know if more people have choked on scale.
It's spinach,
spinach,
spinach is kill people.
And the,
and the funny thing is I did a morning show thing with the,
in wherever I was in Omaha and I,
and they had a farmer that was talking about his grass fed steak.
You gotta try,
I do grass fed and so he gets it done the thing and I go,
so it wasn't like does grasp it tastes better and you've no,
not at all.
Like what?
He goes,
it actually has less flavor.
I go,
then what's the thing?
He goes,
oh,
that's just what I do.
No fucking,
there's no better.
The reason it's grasp fed,
it's like fucking nothing.
Well that's a weird,
uh,
for him it's a weird thing to say because I prefer the taste of grass fed.
It's more Gamey.
It's more gaming.
The ones that are corn,
Fred,
you know,
the,
they're just fat as fuck.
And also those are real,
oh my God.
Fuck.
Thumb up steak,
rib eyes,
fat Ribeye.
Yeah,
the preparations.
Disgusting.
You're fucking up these animals,
but Goddamn,
you make a good steak.
Let's get out of this commercial.
Do,
yeah.
Yeah.
Commercial.
But the bottom line is people planning that our commercials or have been boring.
Yeah,
because we're,
we're missing,
we're missing the sexiness.
We need another sexy thing.
Well,
maybe something,
something I could fuck.
You feel like we're missing something?
Not having the flashlight as a spark.
Oh,
absolutely.
Absolutely.
I think it's crazy.
I don't feel comfortable with it at all.
I miss talking about fucking gross sex toy.
Need to grow,
son.
Get out of that.
It's enough.
We can only,
I mean we did 200 plus podcasts when we talked about rubber boots.
That's beautiful.
How hard it is to do that.
How much would it cost for a sponsorship?
Like give me a ballpark.
We,
I talking about this in the air.
I want to talk about it because maybe I'll just have travel channel sponsored
the shells.
You have olive garden kind of money.
Yeah,
no,
I'll get travel channel [inaudible] seven more times on it.com that's,
Oh and,
and it,
uh,
what is Alpha brain?
Listen,
if you go to [inaudible] dot com everything will be explained.
It is a very comprehensive website,
including all the science behind Alpha brain.
What the different stole the ingredients.
Nutrients.
That stuff's great.
Is there anything have Melatonin in like any of the Onnit products have like a
sleeping aid,
like Melatonin at night you should do that.
The autonomy is awesome.
They should do like new mood bonus,
turbo style or something for sleep or like super needed.
New Mood would be almost the opposite because it's a boosting like an
enlightening.
Yeah,
but it relaxes you also does it?
Well,
I think for some folks,
some people have a little bit more tension so it's probably like alleviates a
little bit of that.
They should call it just something cool.
Like it's amazing though that they figured out someone can do that.
Pass the fuck out past the fucking chill,
chill,
chill.
They made a Melatonin.
Don't be such a Douche and it's spell it like da wd idea for sure.
I emailed on it this weekend on Twitter and asked him to come up with something
for alcohol to like make the turnaround better or
do you not gonna do anything?
You're poisoning yourself.
Talk.
Well,
what you can help,
two things can help one water to nootropics,
three battle ropes.
If you take like a bunch of new mood,
a bunch of Alpha brain after you,
if you're hung over and drink you to to drink a fuck load of water,
and you should almost always take nutrients with food.
The your,
your body absorbs them better if they're connected.
Did the fats and carbohydrates.
So you should always take pills with,
with food.
But as far as I'm,
I think you're,
the real problem is dehydration.
You're poisoning yourself and your alcohol is an Amino suppressant.
It's a diuretic.
It's like you're,
you're really like sending your body through some shit.
It's the only way to recover from that.
It's time,
water,
food,
good food.
Give it a chance to go,
oh,
if I get a little bit of sleep the night before,
I feel like if I stopped drinking and then do some shit and then go to bed,
I feel fucking so much better.
But have,
when I wake up and I have that beer on the bed,
stand next to me just staring at me like a gay lover.
Like,
wow,
we had a weird fucking night last night.
Anyway.
Dot Com.
O.
N,
n.
I.
T if you,
if you would have the first 30 pills,
um,
and you,
uh,
you have an opportunity to try it out and if you don't like it,
you get a hundred percent money back guarantee.
The idea is that what we're selling you is really good.
It's,
it's really effective.
And I don't want anybody to ever feel ripped off.
It's more important for me that people feel like this is an even deal than it is
to make money.
So we have a hundred percent money back guarantee on the first 30 pills.
If you don't like it to say it,
it's it.
You don't have to return it.
I'm telling you,
it's some fascinating shit.
I love it.
It,
it,
it helps me.
But also diet helps me,
you know,
vitamins,
multivitamins,
fish,
oil,
everything you,
you need to take care of your health bitches get on that shit.
But if you're interested in any of the nootropics that are available in Alpha
brain music,
codenamed Rogan,
and you'll save yourself 10% often,
as I said,
a hundred percent money back guarantee on the first 30 pills.
We also have just in kettle bells and battle ropes,
and these are the,
the newest addition to the Onnit store.
And if you've never done kettlebell workouts before,
that's some manly man type shit.
It's a cannon ball with
a handle on it.
And there's a lot of videos online.
It'll show you how to,
you know,
you can just go to youtube and if you want to learn how to do some of the
exercises,
but my advice to you,
if you're going to try it,
start with a lightweight,
it'd be fucking amazed.
You can get a great workout with a 35 pound kettle bell
or something like that.
You could not me son,
that's where I draw the line.
35 you save 35 pounds on.
I heard that and I was like,
well,
I'll get my 35 pound kettle bell and do those swings and I'm not,
I'm a 25 pounder.
Why it's,
yeah,
but my best ridiculous wrong with you.
I had a broken hip.
Ron came over to my house to show me how to do them.
It was doing them.
Fuck.
I was doing them all.
So you did,
you hurt yourself.
Fuck my backup.
Yeah,
you've got to,
my advice is always start light and learn from an instructor.
If you can.
If you,
if you can afford to go to a gym and hire a guy for 20 bucks an hour or
whatever,
they charge more than that.
Right?
50 bucks an hour or you can just go to a John Heffrons show.
John half.
I'll show you how to fuck.
He's a certified instructor.
Yeah.
He's a maniac.
Ephron's a maniac.
He's always doing something crazy like that.
Going all Anthony Robbins on you.
He's always trying to succeed anyway.
Uh,
if you're interested in Kettlebells,
it's my opinion.
The the,
if I had to choose one method of strength and conditioning,
I would choose bodyweight exercises and kettlebells.
Things like body weight squats,
Hindu squats.
Look that shit up online there.
They're fucking ferocious.
I do 200 of them in a row.
It's so hard.
It's so hard when you get towards the end,
when you get close to 200,
there's a guy named Karl gotch was just fucking crazy.
Wrestler dude was awesome old catch wrestler.
He used to make his students to 500 of them before practice,
before practice 500 bodyweight squats before practice.
That's just try doing fucking just try to in 50 in your fucking hotel room,
literally unbelievably hard.
The idea behind kettle bells is that it makes your body work as one unit.
And uh,
I believe that,
you know,
with body weight squats and Chin ups and kettle bells,
you can,
you can get in fucking phenomenal shape.
You don't really even need a gym.
You need to,
you know,
just fall some videos that you can get online.
Steve Maxwell's got some great videos.
We're going to eventually put out a video.
Um,
so show you guys what I do,
but it's,
you put out a video,
it's a great,
I used to be like,
like don't do it this way and instead of me doing it and I completely wrong and
just fall down poop everywhere.
There's a video of me doing kettle bells on travel channel.com and I fucking,
I was doing them and I thought it was doing murdering them.
Right.
And I fucking watch a video and I'm barely doing anything.
It looked like fucking,
I looked like a kid's mess around with my weights.
What kind of exercise where you was doing the fucking swinging on the swings?
I tried to do,
I read some article where a guy said he was going to do a thousand.
Yeah.
Well yeah,
they had this thing where they were going to do them in sets of a hundred over
like a really short amount of time.
Yeah,
yeah.
I heard that's super bad for you.
It really bad for you.
But the guy lost like a ridiculous amount of weight just doing kettle bell
swings.
Sure.
You put your body into extreme stress though,
you know,
I mean that's the idea.
I've heard a lot of them.
I'm really talking out of my ass.
I have a limited amount of knowledge really and swipes and in
boy,
that's the way to get out of a commercial.
Right.
And saved the day
anyway.
I don't know exactly what you need to do to get,
you know,
100% fit.
I'm not a an exercise physiologist,
but I do know that one way that works extremely well and the method that I use
is that kettlebells,
they're fucking awesome.
Kettlebells,
bodyweight exercises.
That's all I do,
sort of.
I do,
I'll,
I'll do whatever the fuck I want,
but what I'm telling you is
what I'm saying is kettlebells are the shirt.
All right,
go to [inaudible] dot com the code they broke.
It does not work with the kettle bells on the battle ropes cause we sell those
bitches as cheap as humanly possible.
They're not that expensive.
I thought it was going to be what you want to 50 bucks a kettle bell.
It's not,
it's affordable.
It's very,
it's very problematic to try to send these giant fucking cannon balls through
the mail.
Canon balls with the handles.
It's so silly,
like the shift,
it's like one of the dumbest things you get ever ship because it's so expensive
and the poor fucking people.
Could you imagine getting the Kettlebell?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Yeah,
but awesome.
Exercise equipment and we have a full line of them at [inaudible] dot com we
have packages.
I need to get a parent that he need to get a pair of them.
You fucking lazy.
I'll give you some.
You want some 2020 I'll start off with to start over.
You should.
You're going to get in shape now.
No,
I mean that just to me kettlebells seems like the easiest thing to work like
that.
Easy to work.
Put weights on anything.
You just grab it and fucking dude done 20 minutes.
I'll give you a workout that will fucking break your spirit in 20 minutes.
I want that workout.
It's brutal.
You've got to get in shape before you do it though.
That's another thing,
you know,
build slowly.
If you're not a person who's been doing a lot of exercises are,
you know our friend Kevin Pereira from an attack of the show,
he got crazy in a weightlifting like all at once and he hurt his knees.
Like he fucked his shoulder up.
He was doing like heavyweights,
like right away.
I think he had a guy just training them.
That was probably not conservative enough with how he like pushed him and he's
got knee problems now,
so don't,
don't,
don't do that.
You know,
be careful.
You can't get your shit together bitches.
That's my message.
All Right Ladies and gentlemen,
the machine is here.
Cue The music.
Brian.
Hi,
we're full bird.
Kreischer
what's happening?
Nothing.
I just got back from Omaha.
Oh,
will you free to travel channel travel channel?
No,
no,
I was doing stand up.
I'd travel channel show got picked up for a second season.
Oh that's amazing.
We took desk waters on a vacation.
Yeah,
I heard you got some people.
Uh,
you picked up in the promenade.
Yeah,
I was walking by and he's like machine and I walked over and like,
you need people,
you need to interview as many people as possible.
So even when people are like special,
when people are like,
no thanks.
I'm like,
please just talk to me anyway.
Right.
We got to fill up our fucking day with interviews.
So I go,
I go,
he goes,
I was just warning came down and get a picture and I won't fuck it.
Come be on my show.
And he was like,
seriously?
I was like,
yeah.
And then I stole the shit.
I started talking to them and I go,
I go,
so what are you guys doing here?
And she says,
you know,
we came down and meet you were in town for a wedding and we thought let's
fucking go to the prom and odd.
And he wanted to get his picture with you.
And I was like,
Larry.
And then I said,
I go,
I look at the dude right now.
I kind of know I got him because he listens to this podcast.
So I go skip the fucking wedding.
And he goes,
it's two weddings.
I think it was good,
both of them.
And he looks at me and he goes,
I'll fucking do it.
Life goes on you.
We can't,
we can't.
It's my,
it's my cousin's wedding.
And my roommate from college,
he goes,
I don't even know her roommate from college.
Let's go.
Let's fucking go.
So deep to me.
We cans on her part,
skip cousin's wedding fucking wedding.
They skipped one of the weddings just in case we called back to interview them
again.
So they skipped.
He was,
they were in,
man,
let me tell you something.
I had never had more fun with one dude in my entire life.
We shot machine guns.
We fucking,
we jumped off a three story balcony like we did.
It was the funniest fucking trip.
Then at the end of the trip,
we're sitting there like,
we've wrapped,
we're having dinner as a group and he goes,
I give you guys have a good time.
And he's like,
we just wanted to get a picture with you.
Okay.
Would you all weekend
a fucking great day for that guy.
Oh,
he was so fucking,
he was typical death squad,
right?
We're going to meet Celine Dion and,
and I,
and we're backstage.
You get three minutes with her and we're getting,
we've got tickets to the show for them,
for her.
And so we say,
I say to the guy,
go,
we go,
Erin,
is three minutes too much?
Yeah,
you can.
You can't last
15 but that seems like a long a time.
And that was that Celine Dion.
I would fuck you for three minutes.
Oh my God.
That was the deal.
Imagine if our culture was like so open that leg,
like a woman like that.
I would go in and just fuck off her fans for three minutes,
but there was a price to it.
And when to charity,
I guarantee you get some people to do it for charity is the Spca.
Oh Wow.
Okay,
cool.
I can dig for charity and we can combine two things that everybody loves helping
out the poor and blow jobs.
I'm fucking,
I'm all in.
So he gets three minutes with Celine Dion and I go,
I go,
everyone get your questions ready,
like we need to be tight so everyone have your questions.
So the girl,
I said,
what's your question to the girl goes,
I'm gonna ask her how she does it as a mother,
as a working mother,
how does she juggle it all?
And in my head I'm like wanting to be grain of Celine Dion's.
Like I'm very,
very wealthy.
I don't have to take care of my kids.
I fly on private jets,
but she didn't.
She was like,
I was like,
great,
great question.
So we'll get something that the cit network likes.
So go,
Aaron,
what's your question?
He goes,
dead fucking serious.
oh,
I'm going to ask her if she's ever seen titanic.
I go,
are you fucking kidding me?
He goes,
yeah,
I go,
that is the perfect questionnaire.
And you ask her that.
And he goes,
why is that a dumb question?
I go,
no,
it's not dumb at all.
So we get in.
Celine Dion comes in,
she meets him that she answers the question with the girl and then says to him,
I go,
Aaron's got a question.
And he goes,
oh,
I was wondering in your career.
I go,
stop it.
stop.
And Celine is like,
what?
And I go,
you ask her the question you said you were going to ask.
And he goes,
have you ever seen titanic?
And Celine Dion breaks out laughing,
goes,
cut.
Who the fuck is this guy?
What kind of a horrible question cut.
Cause she,
it's the dumbest question.
Did she ever see titanic?
We're rolling on the whole thing and she goes,
that is the dumbest question I've ever been at.
Have I seen?
Yes,
I saw the movie and he goes,
did you like,
are you kidding me?
It was,
we ended up spending like 17 minutes with her cause she fucking fell in love
with this guy.
So yeah.
And they had to pull her out of the room.
It was,
it was she,
the second he asked that question,
she fucking loved us.
And then she goes,
looks at me and she goes,
where'd you get these guys?
And I said,
and I go,
well.
And she goes,
wait,
who are you?
I'm Burt.
And she goes,
what kind of name is Burt?
It was fucking awesome.
She drunk.
No,
no,
she was,
she was getting ready to perform.
She was going on the stage with the show started late because she hung out with
us backstage.
Japan is on,
no,
she wouldn't.
She'd had a really expensive dress and the handmade for her.
So she's a ballbuster.
She's awesome.
She was really fun.
And then ty would,
Celine Dion,
she have my celebrity cache list is ridiculous these days.
They'll get,
it's like they're not,
it's like or not.
It's like,
uh,
it's like,
they're not like all in one area.
Like I have,
like I'm friends with Sam Champion,
Rachael Ray,
Celine.
You like,
that's crazy.
Group of people,
friends with some,
that's high level shit.
Rachael Ray,
Rachel Ray's.
Okay.
Did you hear her say the n word?
Have you ever hear the clip on Youtube?
Why during a show she said the n word and can I play it for you?
Cause it,
there's a twist to it.
All right,
let me look right,
you guys.
Oh my God.
I fucking love Rachel.
Yeah,
she seems like a nice person.
She seems fun.
Speaking of which,
you know,
he was definitely listening today.
Who?
Larry?
The cable guy.
Larry the cable guy.
Larry the cable guy gave us who has his own potato chips.
That's how much of a ball or Larry the cable guy and fucking amazing
butler.
That's good.
Right on the top.
This is a boy.
This is good.
Eat and this is a Larry.
The cable guys,
their cheeseburger chips.
It doesn't that sound awesome?
So good.
So Larry,
the cable guy listened to the blog job.
I was in Omaha.
I said,
what's up?
Oh,
just tell them right there.
It's up to the ice house.
I met Lauer Way,
way,
way back in the day.
We met at the comedy works in Montreal,
Canada.
And um,
maybe 19 shit like early nineties or something like,
like maybe like maybe the ladies who could have been,
it was like 95 or 96.
But uh,
I met him there and uh,
we had a great fucking time and he was a great guy.
Yeah,
they're good,
aren't they?
Which delicious.
Yeah,
they're fucking amazing flavor.
And it has a ketchup mustard that a fat guy made them because there's like extra
seasoning on them.
You know how when you get like that one reader that looks extra dark,
you're like,
oh,
there's going to be a good one.
All the chips are like that.
And this is the weirdest fucking thing I've ever had in my life.
It tastes like a cheeseburger in your mouth.
It's a cheeseburger potato chip.
It's so fucking gross.
The mustard taste a mustard.
It has every flavor.
They're insane.
I the buffaloes can be good for you
serving sizes.
Chip.
Sometimes you just gotta take it.
Take it on the Chin for flavor
too.
Delicious.
Cause I'm calling back one more tastes like white castle,
White Castle hamburgers.
It tastes like to me.
Mcdonald's hamburgers.
Oh,
let me tell you,
I went to Burger King.
I have an eight in four days like I've been,
cause I was sick with strep throat.
You're so fucking lucky.
So I was eating watermelon,
watermelon.
I,
that's the only thing I could eat with like watermelon.
And so yesterday was the first day I was like,
you know what,
I can eat now.
My throat's not that sore anymore.
I'm going to eat something really bad just to kind of,
cause I need something in me bad.
You know,
it's something horrible.
And so I was like the first fast food place.
So I went to Burger King.
I'm like,
all right,
I haven't been to burger king in a long time.
I'm going to try it out.
I had a whopper,
fries and uh,
their,
their smoothie,
the smoothie was okay,
but the whopper,
it tasted like it was grilled and thrown in a bucket and then thrown in the
microwave and then slapped on Manet's.
It was just the most disgusting tasting hamburger ever.
Their fries,
they changed our fries or something horrible.
Like I took one bite of fruit,
I'm like,
I don't want any more of that.
Like I,
they eat one thing and then I was looking and I was like,
what?
How is this place still in business?
There is so much competition nowadays for Burgers from all these like gourmet
burger places or just like in and outs type places.
Some those things take time.
The reason why Burger King and Mcdonald's works is familiarity.
People been going there forever and there's,
you know,
use a guarantee.
You go in there,
you get it,
you go.
But something happened to Burger King because it didn't used to always be like
this.
They trying to fuck with Wendy's.
If you go,
if you want to go for like the best like chain and my opinion,
Wendy's like national nationwide,
but Wendy's can't fuck within and out.
When these code,
no one fucks.
Fuck bakers the best.
Take five guys burgers can fuck within and out.
Five guys burgers are right up there.
There are different than in and out burgers and you'd go,
how could it be different?
They're different.
That's what I'm saying.
I don't know what he's talking about.
All these awesome burger places,
Burger King and you know like their latest thing is a bacon milkshake or or
Sunday.
I'm like,
seriously,
that's a hilarious internet joke,
but no one's going to,
you're not going to fucking make money selling that in and out and five guys are
the shit when you cook the fucking Nice fresh meat patty right in front of you
and they slap it down there.
She took it right in front of you,
man.
No should be fucking pulled out of a bin and watered Jewish shouldn't.
Yeah,
we shouldn't even allow that other way.
It shouldn't be preprocessed at all.
Why does it need to be in and out?
It doesn't do it that way.
Ridiculous expensive profit thing.
If you,
if you uh,
all of a sudden you're using only fresh freezing your beef,
which is what in and out does these fresh beef,
then you have transport issues.
It doesn't last as long.
You gotta you got to make sure that you judge how much you need.
Exactly.
Or You have overages inside.
It's not going to last slide.
I mean how long has like ground beef last if you don't freeze it can't be more
than a few days and it starts to get funky shows.
Like when you take anyone from not in La that envisioning when you take them to
in and out,
they're always like fucking amazing.
That's what you're supposed to do.
It's like steak and shake on steroids.
It's funny,
we were like,
we're so accustomed shitty food that's like that's the norm.
Like the shitty food is the norm in a world where there's competition.
It is weird that that happened.
Why isn't there one place though that's has like,
like imagine whole foods as a fast food place that's open all the time,
like a 24 hour place.
Like I make like a,
you know,
uh,
Mike,
bird sounds like Brian's looking for a place to pick up checks in the middle of
two.
Today's people that,
that are on all these diets and stuff and then they're so concerned about it
that,
that there'll be one person to step and be like,
look,
we're going to make Kinlaw 24 hours a day.
Fast food.
You know,
Chenwa sides.
Like we're going to have a healthy all hundred percent natural vegan crap.
We know everything,
but it's 24 hours a day and it's,
you know,
like Starbucks.
So you need something that's an alternative to convenience in the box.
It's convenient.
I'm calling from job to job.
Like I had 10 minutes to eat.
I'm not going to go fucking to the grocery store and go home and cook and then
like I need,
all right a Wendy's,
I'll get a baked potato and some chili or you know,
something stupid like that.
Yeah.
It's hard to eat healthy if you're on the fly,
that's for sure.
It is weird that we have so many different
places where you could eat like shit,
subways so hard to find a place where you can eat healthy.
They're coming out with one,
my dad just invested in it.
Oh yeah.
And it's,
yeah,
and the reason that,
the interesting thing is he told me about it.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know the name of it,
but it's a in definitely coming out in Florida and it's,
and they only talked about it cause when Chick-Filet got on law and he'd percent
anyone gays to marry,
uh,
all heard all these other places talking about,
you know,
Chipola is one of the healthier places to eat and this new places,
it's going to be the same type of thing.
Like a lot of healthy options.
Filets one of the healthier places.
Yes.
Most your gang
then just all the hate vibes you'd get
off.
My phone doesn't work up here.
I'd call my dad and get the name of the place.
But I've said the same thing Brian,
because I'd love to have something you can just go in and know that you can get
a meal around 400 calories.
It's Kinda like fucking a little more tricky salad.
Something real.
Some real food.
So now I want to food borne a protein and a bunch of steam vegetables.
Yeah.
It's weird how much,
if you look at the,
just the overall numbers of restaurants that we have.
It's weird how much of it is shit.
Yeah,
it's the majority.
Like all the quick ones are shit.
Look at,
look at the,
I mean bell can,
you know,
can you imagine that it took Taco bell this long to come out with a healthy
option while they have bean burritos?
No,
they got the new thing.
They've got a Taco bowl you had like,
there's new bold at the chef designed that.
I saw commercial foreign.
I was like,
oh,
I gotta fucking try that out.
And then I got to talk about,
I was like,
fuck that.
And Mexican pizza.
So like,
but I don't know what you just said.
Mexican pizza.
If you never,
you never have a sweater.
Weird little rant to yourself
trying to say,
I can't order healthy when I get to talk about,
I'm like fuck it dude.
Yeah,
that Dorito Taco you can't get or anything other than the Dorito taco shells are
made out of Doritos.
It's most so amazing thing in the laundry.
That's Taco Bell,
Taco Bell.
That's somebody like unlike Burger King.
Taco bell is,
they're on their game.
They're making shit better tastes or having their,
their beat,
which horse was horse.
But I only know that because I did a channel,
a show for animal planet,
and this woman was raised premium stallions.
And she told me,
she was like,
so it was maybe one of the greatest days of my life,
but she told me she was premium stallions are stylings.
They keep pregnant cause they do this,
they produce this,
this hormone that goes into share hair shampoo.
And then she said,
oh yeah,
and it's the Canadian.
She went off on the Canadians.
She was like,
and I was like,
we're never gonna use this.
But apparently in Canada,
no,
it's a,
it's a fat chick.
Was just some crazy hippie them.
They eat horse in Canada or a quick Google search tells you that a Taco Bell
does not use horse meat and that is a false rumor.
And actually talk about his response to that is,
I mean,
they had a good response or whatever.
Who Cares?
It doesn't matter.
It's,
it's delicious.
And W unlike
burger king,
which seems like you're going to a crack house nowadays,
the Obama Administration.
Okay.
The horse meat for Americans.
That's why I swear to God,
I want to say I had to be in there I go eight horse.
Me used to be legal in Japan where you used to just go to like places and eat
horses,
but they outlawed and she said it was delicious.
Well the uh,
the horses and other countries,
it,
this Guy Alistair Overeem is fucking huge.
And then a fighters,
it's like a big power lift and looking dude,
it looks like a superhero.
You know Overeem is right.
Yeah.
We'll,
Overeem is a big on eating horse meat.
He says that's where he gets all his protein from.
A lot of athletes say that to really need horse meat.
Yeah.
Gotta be super easy to catch.
Tony's the veal breezy to catch.
She'll show with an apple versus a,
that's a,
that's a team horse.
What am I certain Mustang.
It's like only like a wild fucking horses.
Like if they really taste good,
oh wait,
I'm sure people hunted them.
It's amazing that they figured out how to get along with people.
They're just like,
well just let them minus never freak out ever.
[inaudible] and they keep us alive cause every other animal like think about
like how prevalent they are amongst people.
You know,
they get to live in the stall and everything's good and nobody eats them.
Nobody sets a fucking pissed and through their head they give you a nice food
all the time.
They pat you and brush you.
The horse has it like way better than the cow,
the cows because the cows were like,
bitch you can't ride us.
They'll fuck off.
Get the fuck off.
They wanted us off so bad.
Do you think the saw that another pasture,
they were lunch there,
so we started eating them.
We were like,
fuck you bitch.
You won't let us ride you.
Okay,
well then we eat you.
How about that?
Stupid good are you to us.
We get rice you.
That's why we were barely eating the horses.
Even with all cars everywhere.
We don't need horses anymore.
We're getting the fuck out of them.
We're like,
no,
we have a special bond because you let me ride you.
They're cruising off this reputation from one that we use the right.
Exactly.
They became my friends.
They became my friends when they're just the dopiest,
most docile,
easily tricked animal.
They panic.
You lock 'em up you,
it's called breaking them.
You get a rope around their neck,
you settle the fuck down.
He'd let them know who's boss and write down the horse from then on lets you
ride them and right now they're in tenure.
Obviously they don't have the case.
There's probably been a lot more complications to the process than just
shortening this for the,
for comics.
He can,
when guys want to hear Rachel racing the inward.
Sure.
All right.
Here we go.
It's better not be a tricky thing.
So that's,
I think that's what I like
starting it because when you're on a plane and stuff,
I'm always envious of the nurse.
Yeah.
Don't let you bring the toils on though.
Hold on.
Hobos.
Envious of the what?
I'm fine and stuff.
I'm always envious of the niggers.
Yeah.
Do they still let you bring the totals on though?
Wait,
hold on one more time.
It's my favorite.
I'm always going to be his of the knitters.
Yeah.
Did they still let you bring the turtles?
I don't know what she's talking about.
The knitters.
Oh
my God.
He's like,
do you get to bring the tools on?
Like
never
a woman got in trouble.
She was a teacher for using the word niggardly in a,
in front of a class for using that word.
She got in trouble.
There was a congressman that got in trouble for that.
Yeah.
And it's,
it's almost hilarious.
It's a word.
I mean,
that's a real word.
Yeah.
Yeah,
it sounds like another word,
but,
uh,
there's,
there's a lot of words that sounded like bad words.
The Django reprimanded for using the phrase cotton picking what?
Like Leanne,
we were at the beach and she had said something like a gimme one cotton picking
minute.
And you know,
you've ever heard the tape,
this cotton picking in the south,
Leanne said it was a,
it was a euphemism for God damn right.
So gimme this,
you know,
and then all of a sudden someone said something to her and Leanne went,
oh my God,
I never realized what I'm saying.
Like am I saying cotton pig in like a black person?
Like actually will cotton picker.
Right.
And so I was like,
Holy Shit.
And so I looked it up and it turns out that cotton pickin just is a horrible
fucking activity.
It's like a fucking shit in my mouth.
Act like no one enjoyed cotton pickin so it's like,
give me one cotton picking minute.
It's like actually means give me the longest fucking minute you could ever give
me.
Cause Cotton Pickin was exhausting.
Gotten apparently is a,
was way easier to process.
So that's why it took over from hemp really until the 1930s they came out with a
machine called the decorticator and they were going to have everything convert
back to him where we use cotton,
but cotton is like,
it sucks ass and compared to him in comparison to have,
but it's not nearly as strong a tensile strength.
The the durability,
it's,
it's an amazing plant,
but the people that were in the cotton industry got together with dupont,
who are the people that made Nylon and William Randolph Hearst,
who was the guy who ran Hearst publications who also had these paper mills that
were all based on wood and he would have had to convert them to,
to use hemp.
So it was a basically an industry.
They were trying to suppress an industry.
That's how marijuana became illegal.
It all became illegal because of the cotton industry and fiber nylon,
all of them,
William Randolph Hearst,
all of them getting together and it's pretty much playing monopoly,
but it was about hemp.
It wasn't about the getting high part.
It was about this,
this incredible plant that if you PR by the way,
which is illegal in this country,
it's illegal.
You can't even get high on it.
It's a cousin of marijuana.
It's not,
it's not psycho.
I just,
the hemp,
it doesn't,
it doesn't have the drug in it.
It doesn't have the drug in it is,
and you can't,
you can't grow it.
You have to grow it.
In Canada,
we have this sort of stuff that's coming out on,
on it.
It's called a hemp force says protein powder made with hemp hearts.
It's so hard to get this stuff.
We can only buy 50 pounds of it a day.
You can't buy any more of it.
So we have like limited quantities like to sell this a hemp protein power
because it's the best hemp protein powder that you can get is made in Canada.
These,
uh,
hemp hearts,
and we can't grow them here.
We see.
They don't allow you to,
even though it's not,
it's like you can't get high from it at all.
It's impossible.
You can't,
you're not allowed to grow it here.
And then all,
it's like,
it's,
it's amazing how like natural resources,
things like cotton in hemp oil even can be manipulated like that.
It's like we have to look at it like what it really is.
It's really like sort of an economic thing.
The cotton gin,
you know,
straighten it out for a lot of people.
I kind of had a process cotton and that,
that made it a little bit easier,
but it's like that battle that we,
that the men,
the hemp and marijuana world lost in like 1930,
whatever it is,
they still still lost it.
It's amazing.
And the north was all about polyester,
right?
Yeah.
The suits,
those leisure suits,
whoever talked people into those,
those fucking crazy suits that they wore in the 70s.
When you're skinny,
they lost their fucking mind.
Don Knotts,
and he's the one that started all that stuff.
You know,
here's where you'd see how America lost his fucking mind in the 70s.
I was,
um,
I had a,
uh,
a game of pool the other night with a Adam Ferrara.
Do you know Adam for our,
he's a comedian.
He's an,
he's an Omaha and next weekend he used to be on a rescue me and he is now one of
the American hosts for top gear.
And we went on,
we were both car enthusiasts and we were talking about looking at the cars from
like the 70s like from the early seventies to the late seventies to the early
eighties to the nineties it's like what the fuck happened to us?
Like we completely lost the ability to make cool cars like somehow or another,
if you go back to the fifties in the 60s and you look at what like America hat
and like core vats and fucking mustangs and those are dope cars.
There's so dope that people still want them today.
Even with their shitty ass technology of the 1960s people still drive mustangs
around cause they're so fucking cool looking.
We lost that,
that we liked.
I think that one of the best times,
that's what we were saying.
You were saying for tempo and you're like,
what the fuck was that car?
The Camaro of the fucking eighties look at a 69 Camaro and to look at a Camaro
of the eighties like what the fuck did you do?
You just like you melted it,
you smoothed it.
It's nothing now and it's,
it's boring as fuck.
This is like a terrible design that by the same people.
What kind of lazy cons design,
that piece of shit car have fucking ugly ass Camaro like now the Camaro is bad
ass now.
Then I was fucking,
oh he's the best it's ever looked.
I think they totally nailed it,
but it makes you wonder.
It's like where are we in a haze as a country?
Like what the fuck happened is the auto world like though the community in this
country,
what the fuck happened to them in the eighties and the nineties they were so
uncreative.
I bet it was the same thing we were talking about is they just got the tobacco
industry.
They just got,
they just stopped fucking caring and they're making money hand over fist and
then all of a sudden the Japanese just took it over.
I don't,
I would love to hear a story about it.
He was,
there must be some,
a bunch of factors.
It must be so lost the show.
Maybe it's like people like,
like they gave up taking psychedelics and all the designers weren't taken
psychedelics anymore and they weren't drawing sting rays and said there were
drawing these fucking shitty Corvettes in the 80s did you ever see the core vets
of the 80s no.
Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
If you're driving around in a 1980 something corvette,
most,
I mean,
you might be a cool guy.
He might be this fuzziness,
but chances are you're a fucking loser.
All right.
Yeah.
That's a probably a creepy dude.
And you drive them one of the ugliest,
one of the coolest cars America's ever designed,
and you wanted the ugliest versions ever.
That's the one that you picked.
But if you have a 1969 corvette,
you go back to one of those old stang ratios are fucking evil things.
That's an evil looking car.
I mean even just a Plymouth and from like,
oh 67 it's just a monster.
You know all the ones,
the,
the Cholos low rider out which one?
Oh yeah.
Y'All the impala.
Impala is a bad ass fucking car piece of art.
Man.
Ferrari's showed me,
he's got a photo of a friend of his had a really nicely done 57 Cadillac and you
just look at it and go,
oh my God.
It was a work of art.
Those fucking man.
I get obsessed every no mental online.
I'll just start googling like years of cars,
like the Lincoln where I wanted the Cadillac,
the 69 Cadillac car.
That convertible is just,
it's the big beast whale plus the,
that is the,
the one of the biggest examples of American excess,
the most beautiful examples that giant Cadillac.
Oh,
those were ridiculous.
Those are fucking bad ass cars.
And I remember getting in one in highschool,
someone's dad had one and we felt like gangsters.
We had maybe a foot of caulk between the three of us,
but we felt like pimps just smoking cigarettes and all,
remember how the ride on those things,
man,
you just kind of like floated this could kind of take a corner.
And they were the worst in handling.
They couldn't handle it all.
I always wanted one of those things.
There's a Volkswagen Volkswagen thing was like,
it was the ugly fucking looked like it belonged in the middle of the Sahara and
a bunch of German should be coming out of it.
And it's really weird.
As in 1974,
I had a Volkswagen Corrado was one of my,
there was the first thing that I got when I had a development deal.
I bought a used Corrado was a good car.
Was that the back?
The one with the back was kind of like,
uh,
like slicked back.
Um,
I don't know.
I don't remember what it looked like it to be honest with you.
I remember the Volkswagen Scirocco.
It wasn't that,
it was more of a boxy fucking love Volkswagen to my car.
I love your new card to,
that thing's fucking awesome.
Yeah.
I'm in love with a car.
I had a Fox,
I had a Jetta,
I had a jeep,
I had a,
I'm trying to think of all my fucking cars.
You know what this thing is?
They look like a Gti.
It looks just like a Gti.
Oh I know what you're talking about.
This is the car,
this,
this car,
the only car in the world that has a sentimental feeling to me.
Even that stupid Barracuda that I bought and had made on the TV show,
there's not a sentimental to me as this car cause it was the first thing that I
got when I got some money and I wound up giving it to Dave Pierre due to work at
the comedy store.
It was worth like,
I don't remember what it was worth it,
it was worth a lot more than he had.
So,
uh,
I said,
how much do you have?
And he's like,
I have like whenever he had,
you know,
like okay you can take it.
And he was like,
what the fuck you talking about?
Cause it was like basically it was like a new car,
but does,
when I was on news radio and I was,
I was a baller.
I heard a story about drew Carey giving his Miata to someone.
He gave his card.
Someone who was a me out of those are cool cars man.
They,
yeah they are.
Do you ever driving me on it?
No.
Bullshit.
Jada's are fun fucking cars.
First of all,
they're super light and if you drive a super light car,
you really feel the road.
Like really Miatas are great drive.
I've never driven in a Miata.
I just always,
I just always had a visual drew Carey in a Miata.
They got fucked.
Somehow or another,
my Miata got fucked and their first bland version of the car,
you know it became a woman's car.
Yeah.
I don't know why,
but it's a fun little sporty car.
It's like,
it's a weird thing with car culture is that like there's a lot of folks that
will drive like older cars from like you know,
driving a 1960 mg,
one of those little things and you'll drive those but you won't respect them.
Miada like people don't like me out.
It doesn't get any respect.
It's Japanese,
it's a,
but it's a really competent little car and my buddy had a Miata and we in
college,
they're great cars.
They were great cars but they were perceived as chick cars.
Yeah,
it's a chip card.
It's like a Boxster.
The Porsche Boxster.
Porsche has a new Boxster that really is so good looking.
It will slay the idea that it's a chick car.
This new Boxster is so dope.
Really?
Oh it looks so killer.
Yeah.
Porsche design teams.
So they just make things that you lost for you look at him.
You just go,
oh fuck,
I w I would rather,
I think I would rather,
if I had to get like a sports car,
I got the given the,
the corvette fucking turbo,
whatever the beast quarterback Zr one for like a for like a week.
They get it to me and I drove that thing around and I fucking loved it.
I loved it because everyone looks at you.
It's like having a big Dick and a locker room.
You like that?
Fuck.
Everyone looks at you.
That's ridiculous and he's a fucking bad.
We get about getting one.
I'm thinking about getting a red one with black wheels.
I don't get my socks on doing not get it right.
Get up fucking,
that's why I want to get a red car because they're so stupid.
I've never had a red car.
I've never had a reason why they're stupid.
Why?
They're so stupid?
Because it's like,
hey,
look at me.
I think it looks ridiculous.
No,
I like red.
I wanted a red car.
Always looks very manly.
It's very ridiculous.
I just feel like it's such a stupid fucking thing to get in the first place to
get one of those crazy.
What the fuck do you need a corvette?
Look that for you and you can't drive them.
They're really hard to drive in La because the,
you know the spoiler in the front.
Hey,
bottoms bottoms out.
So like I was like,
I could never cross,
uh,
cross third street.
Yeah,
you could.
I have a gt three,
which is even lower than that.
Believe it or not.
And then I drove that thing everywhere.
Yeah,
but you gotta like,
you gotta go.
Really?
I just deal with it.
I listened to all the time
and I keep going.
Huh?
Red Cars get pulled over by cops also do that.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I bet they would because this is like mostly douchebags driving red cars because
it's such an,
it's such a thing.
It's,
you have to not be thinking about anyone else feelings at all.
You have to be,
if you're driving around a red car,
you know,
you're not thinking of like what someone else is going to feel if they're
looking at you.
That's a totally selfish color,
you know,
because it's,
it's,
it's like you just want to yeah.
Oh,
to yell it out.
Like subtle,
you know,
white is understated,
you don't have to wash it as much and that's ridiculous.
Go to the car and Washington and you don't,
black cars.
Black cars are covered in dust the sec in la,
but a white corvette just,
I'm sorry,
it does not look as good as a black or a red one.
Core federal record.
You are,
you're in the middle of the road with the white one.
Yeah.
You're not really fully committed to being an asshole.
I think if you have a red corvette,
you're fully committed to him.
Am embracing the own.
You're like almost like selfish need for the lusty,
lusty color of a car.
You know,
Steve,
what are you getting it right?
Shiny?
I don't know.
They probably not really portions of smarter car more and it's not,
and I don't need a car any faster than the car I have.
I don't drive fast anyway.
I don't,
I don't even like to drive fast.
But I liked his cars that handle well.
I don't like to do anything stupid on the roads.
I've been doing a lot of stupid shit with the turbo.
I was like,
I think it was like a pickup.
I think if you go back 25 casts,
I say,
you know,
like I say the same thing,
like I never give a fat ass.
I don't need a fast car.
Once you have a car that can go fast,
God,
they find a lot more holes that you can fit in.
It's the the ability to do it where it's there,
so composed,
you know like that Volkswagen that he has.
Okay.
You compare that to that car would beat around a track any power muscle car from
the 60s but he took like some regular 1969 Camaro with stock equipment,
one of those bad ass Camaro's and raced it around the Nurburgring.
You would dust that thing.
You wouldn't even be close to paddle.
Shifting is my new favorite.
It's like playing a video game.
That is the worst way to be driving a car when you're high as thinking you're
playing a video game.
Who's like a video game.
Try not to think that when we did,
we drove a Lamborghinis and Ferraris there.
The car,
they loved,
the people that work there loved the most was the Camaro daily.
They had iro there,
they'd take you out like on your first lap and a Camaro and they're like,
this is the best car.
They're look,
I mean,
I mean obviously of $600,000 Lamborghini is a great car,
but they fucking love this Camaro and they drove it.
It's also an American car in the middle of Mexico.
So it is exotic to these guys cause all Mexican.
So they make their own cars.
If they have a new one,
Mexican Mexico is coming out with a new,
I'm like really expensive.
Like Lamborghini type equivalent.
Real.
Yeah.
And this,
this,
the place we were at is getting one.
They're like one of the first ones coming out on the line.
They're getting,
what about a Canada?
Did they make their own cars?
That's a good question.
I don't think they do.
Maybe they've made a couple.
You think they will because they're right next to Detroit or day.
Yeah.
But maybe they see what kind of Douche bags build cars.
It's just buy their shit out of the business,
stay out of their creepy business.
They're like,
they're like a,
they're like,
they're like a Dunkin.
When he used to live with you,
he was like,
why buy weed?
That was God
because you,
have you seen the new Camaro Zl one that's coming out?
No.
Oh my God.
It's a,
it's a new one with a corvette engine in it.
So it's like,
I think it's 500 and 500 plus horsepower.
I think it's like five 40 or five 50 or something like that.
Ridiculously fast.
Handles awesome.
Looks fucking spectacular.
It looks like a proper American muscle car.
And this one is the yellow one is going to be ridiculous.
Adam Ferrara just gotten one and he,
uh,
he drove it around and he said he would show up.
He goes,
I would show up,
you know,
to Adam's get that long island accent.
I would show up my fucking hearts racing.
I'm just went through something.
It's a fucking cars.
Ridiculous man.
You're not supposed to have that car.
You got a rocket into your day.
What the fuck are you riding around him?
Is He really a car guys?
She loves cars.
Really?
The color you should.
Oh yeah,
he's great on the show.
Chameleon paint.
Have you heard of chameleon pain was ridiculous.
Shit.
Wait,
we heard of it.
It changes when you change.
It has like a million different colors and it changes depending on the light.
Somebody Puts It on myth in 23 posts on the road.
It's awesome.
If you want to let everyone know that you're Puerto Rico and get the one that
beaver has,
that'd be perhaps with the mirrors fucked up.
Can you you magic dry.
I'm not copping Justin Bieber.
Very nice girl.
I showed you in the mirror card.
His car,
that's all made out of mirrors or eliminate.
I actually enjoyed meeting him.
He's a UFC fan.
He likes.
Oh,
you met him in La.
We'll let them in.
The UFC came by and said hi.
That's good.
Very friendly kid.
He kiss you on the cheek or the lips.
Neither one.
I met Robin Williams and I didn't know
him at Robin.
Whoa,
this is crazy.
I did a show at the Improv Friday night and uh,
afterwards me and Joey were hanging out and you know the upper area where you
can eat.
We were hanging out and taking pictures.
So there's a line to get up there to take pictures.
So there's guys in the line,
he gets out to me and he's,
he's talking to me,
complimenting me,
saying these nice things about the shows.
It was fearless and all,
it was really,
he was very complimentary and I was really thankful.
I was like,
wow,
thank you.
Thank you very much.
And then I realized,
Holy Shit,
you're Robin Williams.
You realize in the middle of him delving in the middle of him talking to me,
I didn't know it was Robin Williams.
He had a beard.
He had a white beard on,
he had glasses on and a baseball hat or like some old dude.
He just looked like some dude.
Yeah,
I just,
just some guy with a beard.
He was very nice,
but he's a voice threw me off and then I realized he's,
cause he was being kind of soft spoken,
you know,
is there was a lot of people around and he was trying to fly under the radar and
then all of a sudden I'm like,
Holy Shit,
I'm talking to Robin Williams.
Wait,
did he came?
How crazy is that that he came down to meet you?
It was awesome.
You know,
I've only had a couple times where something like that has happened and where it
really kind of freaked me out.
One of them was a gene Simmons came to our near show reel and he was a great,
he was bad to you.
Oh,
he's a fucking cunt to me.
Really,
really bad.
What happened?
Top,
top 10 top five worst experience was this was the celebrity.
Holy Shit.
What happened?
We were doing the show and we were going to interview him and I was like,
I told the producers I was like a fucking,
and the biggest kiss fan I was,
I grew up like any Halloween from the first 10 years of my life.
I was one of the fucking guys from kiss fucking talent show.
I dressed up in my mom's Leotard,
her gay,
his belt,
possible to bike chains and a kiss thing and just jammed out to a party all
night long for fucking three minutes,
just jammed out like air guitar.
It fucking loved kiss,
literally loved kiss and so and so.
Then we,
I tell them that and they go,
great,
we'll set up the interview.
There's going to be fucking cake walk.
The only other time I did that the show was when slash was there.
She was like,
I love fucking slash and I got along great with slash we ended up drinking and
my fucking watch McCall call it.
So,
so then,
uh,
so he shows up,
tricking him a fucking watch,
McCall and my green room,
my green room.
So,
uh,
my dressing room,
so fucking gene him,
he shows up and I'm,
and I go up to,
he's in the room,
I'm going to do the preinterview.
So I go to his dressing room and knocked on the door and they open it and I
said,
Mr Timmins,
my name is Bert.
I'm the host of the show,
I'll be doing the interview.
And he just puts his finger in front of my face and he goes,
no.
And I went,
what?
And he goes,
not now.
And he shut the door on my face.
I went,
okay.
I go,
clearly it's,
it's early in the morning.
Maybe he's not a morning guy.
That's fine.
I'm going to give him his time to have coffee or whatever.
And then before I go out on stage,
I'll do my pre interview while he's going through makeup.
So,
uh,
he's in the getting,
doing his makeup and I come in and now it's like eight o'clock in the morning,
come in and they go,
Mr. Simmons,
money's bird.
I'll be doing the interview.
And he goes,
didn't I tell you not to speak?
And I went,
okay.
And then he looked at somebody,
he goes,
is he interviewing me?
I don't want him to interview me.
And I went,
oh,
fuck.
Like what did I do?
So then I leave.
And then Mark Cronin comes in and he goes,
listen,
Jean doesn't want a guy to interview him.
He wants.
Um,
Daphne,
the girl,
he wants Daphne to interview him.
I definitely didn't know shit about kiss.
I go,
this is my hero.
I can't be on it.
He goes,
here's,
I'll tell you what,
I will let you,
you can be on the couch and you can just kind of hang out in the interview and
you can jump in as much as possible.
But Daphne's going to run the interview.
Gene would rather Daphne run it.
I went,
okay.
So I go out,
I sit on the couch,
I won't say a word now I'm being respectful.
I'm like,
all right,
clearly,
whatever it is,
maybe at the end I can just tell him what a big fan of kiss I am.
So I sit on the couch,
Daphne does the interview,
I jumped in here and there.
It's totally comfortable.
Totally cool.
We cut for commercial and everyone that works in the show has headsets on.
So and more.
Mike,
we can hear everyone and g in Daphne says,
you know,
gene,
um,
the reason birds out here is he was the biggest kiss fan growing up.
And gene goes,
really?
And she goes,
yeah,
he dressed is gene said he dressed as you for Halloween.
He and she and I go,
yeah,
as a matter of fact.
And he looks at me,
he goes,
shut up.
I'm talking to her.
And I went,
Ooh,
but you're talking about me.
And he goes,
I'm turnaround turnaround and I want it now.
Now I W I go to turn around and I see everyone that's working on the floor of
the AEC show literally turn,
cause they're all have headsets in.
They turn and look as I'm turning around,
they're like,
oh my God.
So I turn around and Daphne's is just like appalled.
And then all of a sudden Cronin comes out of the out of the room and he goes,
you know what?
I think we got it all in the first one and jeans,
like a new to talk about my dog,
but I'm selling.
And he's like,
yeah,
we'll,
we'll bring it up later.
And he goes,
but I have a lot of products I'm trying to sell.
He's like,
we got it.
Thank you Mr. Simmons.
And she gets up and leaves.
And I was like,
what a fucking cunt.
Wow.
What?
And I fucking till the day I die,
I will fucking slam his name.
I've never been treated worse and I've never treated anyone even an eighth.
I'm not.
Now granted I'm not gene Simmons.
I don't get hassled all the fucking time by every rock fan ever.
But like Jim Norton had a horrible story with him when he first met him.
He did.
Yeah.
Jim had a horrible story.
Craig gas has a horrible,
everyone has a horrible story.
And then if you can help him,
like obviously opion Anthony's is a huge show and Jean realized that he needed
to have little Jimmy on us.
I don't know what it is,
but Jimmy now had a good experience with them and their friends.
So,
but I fucking hated that guy.
Wow.
That sucks to hear that.
It sucks.
Cause I was like such a big fan.
You know,
you meet slash and slashes literally like the coolest fucking guy.
Sit down on the couch.
I go,
hey man,
how are you doing?
He goes,
not good.
My wife kicked me out last night,
really?
And he goes,
Ya.
And I was like,
and he was like in a Kipp on your food,
those words.
And I like,
Oh,
if I heard that from slash I'd be like,
dude,
we're drinking.
I said,
please.
I said to him,
I go,
I got booze in my green room and he goes,
stands up,
let's go.
And we went with two x classes and start drinking.
And then he says,
and then he gets done this show,
this is the size she goes,
he goes,
uh,
looks at me.
And he's like,
um,
what,
so what's your schedule for the rest of the day?
And I'm like,
and I had that girl,
remember that girl did with cerebral?
She was there.
And I was like,
nothing just cause I got to fly to Europe and a few hours,
but I wouldn't mind him another drink.
So we go to my green room and just keep drinking until this carp takes him.
I was like,
what a fucking great dude.
Oh,
let me tell you what sucks man.
My poisonous snakes at an earthquake,
you know,
like just a fucking,
he's an awesome fucking guy.
And then you cut the gene Simmons like Joe Montana.
Amazing.
Fucking remember,
Oh,
who was the night in Nigeria nightmare.
He was a football player.
I don't know anything.
This is my favorite.
The guy's name,
if you type in the Nigeria nightmare,
Brian,
and you'll come up with his name.
He was a fucking beast.
They took him out of Africa,
put him in the backfield for the chief,
and he was a monster.
Right?
But he didn't,
his English was always a Coya.
Echolalia he,
he's,
he's huge.
He's like fucking six,
six,
three 50.
So I tell him,
I go,
uh,
so we do the interview and everyone wants to take pictures and,
and I go,
oh,
I want one too,
but I want one.
We just,
me and you shirtless in my green room.
And so everyone laughs and he doesn't laugh.
He doesn't get it.
He's like,
oh.
And I was like,
okay.
So everyone laughs,
relief.
I'm walking in my green room.
All the sudden he's behind me.
And he goes,
let's take picture of no shortness in your green room.
And I was like,
oh,
I'm kidding.
And then he goes,
I got you a funny boy.
I thought I was getting fucking ass rape.
Do you imagine?
How long do you think you can fight them off?
How do we say three 50 wouldn't find them off at all.
I'd be like,
let me just turtle up just turtle.
I was asking the audiences this week,
what would you rather finish in your mouth?
What would you rather,
okay,
this is my genius bit of material I was working on this week.
Suck a dude's Dick for 15 minutes like the whole time up until climax and then
you get to pass it off or be the dude that sucks it for that 15 seconds and just
take a load in the mouth.
We just landed on Mars.
We just ended on March part.
We just have a late late,
loves the the Mars rover for through fucking space for eight months.
Landed on Mars or
whatever.
That's fake Dick.
Or take the load Brian Sec the deck or take it sucked a dick all the way up to
the climax and then you can pass it off.
So you got to start it off and then or
request when Brian is asking you if something's real,
that's how dumb.
No,
I mean you obviously would want to get your dick sucked instead of doing the
site's not in the game,
Brian.
That's not what he said.
Brian,
you don't even paying attention Brian.
[inaudible]
barely or is not hot in here dude.
The air conditioning's on.
I feel it blowing in my space.
I'm still sick.
So changes subject Brody TV show.
It's fucking amazing isn't it?
Oh it is so fucking good.
It is.
It is on HBO go.
And I literally,
it is so good that I watched the pilot pilot ends like the first one ends and
I'm hooked and I realized that that moment I'm watching every single one.
So why is everyone on the show?
Thank you.
Is,
yeah.
Is that the word?
It's just out there.
It's like,
I think his mom said questions his sexuality and he says,
you know,
I'm in the checks,
the checks and at one point he's in his room like talking to the camera and he's
pulled out a playboy.
You'll see.
Look,
I have a playboy I,
this is what I like.
So I believe it.
I mean,
I don't,
I never thought he was gay.
I have always thought that whenever someone has to like really try to convince
you that they're not gay,
they'd probably gay.
I don't,
I don't.
I think if you're getting it called by your mom and your sister,
you're just tired of fucking like,
look,
I think his mom and his sister thinks he's gay,
but he didn't talk to her sister.
The sister thing.
He's gay because he doesn't have a girlfriend.
She,
I dunno.
She bullies him.
That's a fucking so good.
Jo Jo,
you watch the first episode.
It's amazing.
It's on,
it's on HBO go and it's on HBO on demand and it's everyone.
I mean,
everyone loves it and everyone watches all six episodes in a row.
You're hooked like fucking loss in the first,
it needs to be longer.
Beginning one is introducing you to Birdie Stevens pretty much.
And it's everything you love about Brody,
everything you love and it explaining why Brody's so funny what we like about
them.
Sarah Silverman and then it ends with his mental breakdown.
And then,
and then the next one is documenting the mental breakdown.
Like Sarah,
Zack voicemails that he left is that he's fucking,
and then you're going and then you're like,
where the fuck is this going to go from here?
Like,
and then it's him coming out of the watchman,
call it and then it's in going through therapy and like,
like really kind of get,
trying to get out and get,
get some success in and get out and like deal with whatever issues he had in the
past.
It is so fucking good.
And here's what it really is too.
It's a great representation of Brody cause he's Hilarious,
but he's also very vulnerable.
He's very honest.
It's so the best introduction that Brody,
and if you did not know who Brody was and you watched that,
you are now a brony fan.
Mps.
It's that good.
What is it called?
It's called enjoy it.
Brody Stevens and joy.
And if you watched the first two minutes,
you will fucking,
I got to watch the whole thing.
You can,
you can get like a bunch of them,
right?
There's six episodes.
It's an HBO is kind of testing this out and hopefully it does great because how
long are they?
16 minutes eat something like that.
Perfect.
It's so good.
Have you seen Jerry Seinfeld's comedians in cars getting coffee?
Really interesting man.
It was him,
the Larry David and it was fun like seeing these two brilliant guys that have
accomplished like this incredible task creating Seinfeld,
that Sitcom but palling around together in his old Volkswagen like many,
many years later.
That was really cool.
Yeah,
it was really cool just to have them talk and they're talking about cars and
Seinfeld's talking about the kind of cars and he likes to drive in different
cars every time because well he collects cars.
Seinfeld has a flower is,
I know where his car collection is.
Shh.
Don't tell anybody,
but he does call him creepy Brian Torture you.
Someones going to kidnap you and torture you just so that you give up the the
location.
Where do you see this?
It's online.
It's,
I think it's called comedians in cars getting coffee.com.
He has Colin Quinn.
What a great idea.
I did,
uh,
the uh,
laugh factory podcast yesterday with dom Irrera and um,
and and uh,
Jamie Masada,
the owner of the laugh factory and uh,
I said that I got,
that's when I didn't like Jerry Seinfeld,
which is really,
there was a moment in time where I was slightly upset at him just for a half a
second.
But when I say something like that in the podcast,
it's really ridiculous because the only reason why I was upset it was when
Kramer got busted and then they were on Letterman and Kramer called in via
satellite and it was sitting there and people were laughing at some of the
things he said and,
and Jerry will stop it.
It's not funny.
I was like,
oh,
come on man.
That's ridiculous.
I saw I got upset at him for a brief second.
I sent him protecting his friend.
Yeah,
of course.
Of course.
I understand.
He's uptight.
He need me.
Look,
the guy doesn't ever talk about sex ever.
If you watch any of his standup,
it's there's nothing sexual,
there's not,
you don't get to know him.
He's what he is is like a master joke teller.
He's like a master comedian who can essentially,
he could take any subject and put it through his,
his professional mind and find the best way to get the funny in it.
It's that kind of funny is that doesn't appreciate like the kind of like if Stan
hope was there and it will stand hopes friend that had done that on television,
he would be laughing with the crowd.
He would be laughing his face.
It'd be red.
I could see him,
I could see him just,
you know,
talking ad nauseum about the subject.
But to Jerry Seinfeld,
he could not see the,
the humor and the chaos and I think that's silly chaos is there's more humor in
chaos in this country.
Then there isn't anything else.
I've gotten nervous on stage as of late because of the onslaught of technology
and people recording and people just posting and recording and recording.
I'm just going to do that.
You just got to accept that.
I ask people,
if you come to my shows,
please don't put it up on youtube for a bunch of reasons.
One,
because I'm working on this stuff,
it's all I'm always working on shit.
I don't want it to be like,
if it's going to be out on a DVD,
I want it to be the right style.
I want it to be done.
There it is.
So while you're,
you know,
capturing that and then putting it up,
you're kind of fucking up my process a little bit.
Chris Rock said he's going to stop going on stage until they figured out,
oh well good luck.
That's silly.
I would never do.
He was saying,
he was saying that he's not,
he's being facetious.
It was an article I read on line,
but he's,
he was saying,
he was like,
you know,
it really sucks because when people tape it and put it up,
then that's the representation that the world gets to see.
And he goes to the evolution of the joke,
you know,
black black people versus Edwards.
He goes,
we evolution.
That joke was horrible and there's a lot of times where it just didn't look
right.
Oh yeah.
And he goes,
and then I got it to the place where it worked.
And even still,
it's like,
uh,
you know,
once you even get it to where it was works,
it's not until another six months later that you figure out the right tech,
you know?
And it's like,
that's the thing that sucks is like fucking,
you know,
you trying to write a joke and then people video tape and put it up and you're
like,
I wouldn't fucking done.
Yeah.
It's also the people can know what your material is before they come to your
shows.
They'll know,
look,
all this stuff that you're going to do,
they saw last week show in Calgary or wherever it was.
Yeah.
But you know what man,
let's just a part of life.
Yeah.
Well this is the new world we live in.
All I can do is just do my best,
try to write as much as possible,
perform a lot,
stay sharp,
keep coming up with new shit.
Keep going out there and going at it.
You know,
all that other stuff is just whatever it is,
you can't stop it.
You know,
you got to,
when it comes to technology and things like,
you know when it comes to people filming your art,
you know that you're doing in front of a large group of people and in front of a
of an audience is people that are going to want to film it.
And it's just,
that's what they want to do.
It's a part of life.
I wonder why they want to film it's cause it's,
they're enjoying it.
They're a big Bert Kreischer fan.
They come to see you,
man.
They're all excited.
You know,
if I go to see somebody,
man,
I'll,
I'll fucking think about filming it.
If I went to see like a really good comic,
Dave Chappelle is doing a set and I,
and Brian was there and they let Brian put up his camera.
I'm like,
yeah,
I get a copy of that.
I would love to see that.
I'd love comedy,
man.
Yeah.
I love comedy,
man.
I like,
well,
I like bootleg recordings of a,
of bands sometimes.
I have the first set that Chappelle did on,
uh,
when he came back from being crazy in Africa and still really?
Yeah,
he did at the comedy store and I got to,
Oh,
you should put that online.
That's so fucking crazy though,
that I automatically was like,
I want to see that.
I'm like,
and that's all to
fight you in the ring.
I heard,
oh,
this is really,
that.
That's from 2008 he knows it.
Yeah.
He never really said that.
Anyway,
so somebody just made it up.
He looks at scroll up,
but he's working out,
but he still smoked cigarettes.
It's sad,
you know,
such a smart guy.
I like Brian.
Brian enjoys him just with strep throat.
He's in there puffing away.
I didn't have anyone.
I was on strip there.
I had one recently because I was like,
damn,
I miss the beauty of cigarettes.
The way you would have you would quit.
Yeah.
Technically.
[inaudible] mk four days.
Yeah.
So you made through the hard part and you went right back to the amazing thing.
It's like,
why do you want not want to watch HDTV again?
What cigarettes are that good to you?
They're awesome.
Cigarettes,
coffee,
Pussy.
How are cigarettes good for you and what does it do for you?
It just,
it's just,
it tastes good.
It's relaxing.
It's,
it just takes you down a notch when you need to think about something,
you light a cigarette up and it just kind of puts you in this like little,
do you know why nicotine every,
yeah.
Not even that,
just the other stuff,
but every time you smoke a cigarette there's like a slow count down before you
need another one,
before your system needs that,
that fix.
And when it doesn't have that fixed and you get all antsy and that [inaudible]
just from probably wasn't even manifest itself,
like really obviously in your everyday life.
Just a little bit more tense,
just a little bit weirder,
a little bit,
whatever.
And you're like,
man,
I need a fucking cigarette.
And so then whatever happens,
you get some pussy fucking,
you know,
step out of the office for a second and then he hit it.
But everybody has an Ansi shoot.
You just do certain things.
Wow.
That's nuts.
Just relaxed me.
No,
it gives you a fixed,
you're a junkie.
Yeah.
Some people do that.
Take that fixed food.
Some people take that fix an alcoholic and people think that fix and playing
pool.
You know you have the Ansi Shit.
She might've,
I hit the pool hall real quick.
Placing balls,
arguments.
I've ever heard of that,
but the,
it is not hot in here for you guys.
Not at all.
I'm drenched on man.
It's coming out of there.
All right,
let me see your arm pit Bert.
Oh,
I sweat naturally.
I'm a sweater.
Both of you bitches could use the sweat it off a little bit.
Oh,
sweating for four days.
I'm the most detoxed person right now.
What is it about the cigarettes that keeps you from,
I mean,
you know it's bad for you.
What is it about it that is it just,
you just may weigh the risks versus the reward and they were like,
fuck it.
I like it.
The whole thing,
man.
I like going out to have a cigarette and talking to the people outside.
I like eating a good meal.
It just,
after that you have a fucking cigarette and just,
it just,
it's like a perfect meant to at dinner.
I,
you know,
with alcoholic,
forget about it.
That's just like,
it's ridiculous how great cigarettes are with alcohol.
It's like a good pairing with everything and yeah,
I understand.
It's fucking horrible.
Yeah.
I'm going to get fucking buttle cancer of the lungs,
but I don't care.
Like I know I need to quit.
I know I need to quit,
but I'm not in a huge rush to quit.
I told you that all of the stuff that you just said you loved that you could
erase that and never,
no.
Never have smoked.
Never have smoked ever.
Okay.
What'd you do it or would you still go,
fuck it.
I still,
I would not believe that there's a thing like that because you can't erase the
fucking hole.
Nope.
I tell you why I smoked.
I smoked smoke and I'd have no one for it whatsoever.
None.
No.
It's been a long,
very long time that I'm not smoking a cigarette,
but like I'm saying is you will quit and then Wa at soon you will,
all that Shit you love will just disappear and you'll go,
ah,
it's funny,
I don't miss them.
Like I don't miss them at all.
So you don't ever ever think like,
oh man,
that's cigarette actually smells really good or I never do.
I think of cigarette smells good.
No,
no one thinks of cigarette smells good except the person with it in their mouth.
I know Brian Love the smell of up and down because I swear when Brian didn't
smoke cigarettes,
he had a completely different tune.
He would tell you how horrible they were and how the smell of it makes him sick.
I can't believe he was ever so stupid that he smoked and he feels so much better
and he can think better and it's like it's not.
I have this constant worry about when the next cigarette is coming,
second loaning and an android device and bragging about it.
Yes,
I understand.
I used to be like that.
And then you got back to cigarettes.
Now you're like,
cigarettes are the most awesome thing in the world.
Rural they make,
I'll tell you what,
the only,
the only thing is they make a long car ride.
Doable.
Oh,
car rides.
You know what makes a long car ride doable?
This shit right here.
Podcasting.
Oh fuck.
Yeah.
This is where this is design.
That's why we don't do them live folks.
People go,
you guys should have a live podcast.
You know,
knowing that would be if we were alive and your car and giant comedy club,
those things are life.
The only way life,
the only way a live podcast and would it be cool is if the live part was
interactive.
Don Did it right.
Dawn Barris sitting a live podcast successfully on his big 10 or big free
podcast.
He did it in front of the studio audience.
He did two episodes.
It was more like he puts on a show though.
It was beautiful.
Yeah.
He's,
it's more like his isn't like a standard podcasts like the way we would have,
like if we did this in front of a live audience,
we probably wouldn't be the best buck.
But what I was thinking is,
I think would it be a great idea though is to have an interactive one have like
a question and answer sort of a podcast that would be easy to do and people
enjoy that and people,
we could put that online and people would enjoy that.
And that would be actually a fun thing.
And if we did it on a night at a comedy club,
we could do some stand up too.
You know,
we could all go do a set first.
I'll do like a short set,
you know,
maybe everybody does like 15,
20 minutes.
So the first hour of it plus is just comedy.
And then we'll do a little Q and.
A.
We're all of us get on like,
like we did at the end of my comedy special in Atlanta.
Everybody came onstage in Atlanta.
Joey was up there.
Yeah.
And we all,
um,
Duncan was up there.
We all talk to the audience and the audience got to ask us questions,
what kind of questions do they ask?
So that's like
a lot of the questions are silly.
One of them was a guy,
a guy who uh,
want to challenge me about the moon landing.
Who would,
when Brock versus a flotation tank,
by the way,
ladies and gentlemen,
did you see the,
the rover and that was really sweet.
Actually,
I don't not believe that we went to the moon.
People confused on my stance.
I've altered it several times.
So there was some confusion.
My current stances,
uh,
don't,
I do not believe that we didn't go to the moon and I'm not convinced that we
went,
that's what I think I'm not going to send out.
Would never say we didn't go.
Okay.
Cause I don't know if we went,
but I'm not convinced we went.
No,
I'm not 100% convinced.
It sounds so stupid.
I know it sounds stupid,
but I think might've been possible.
It's more interesting that you don't believe it because you do that with almost
everything.
You want to believe the opposite.
We want to know.
I wanted to be honest,
like when it comes to like big foot and Ufo is,
believe me,
dude,
nobody wants to believe in bigfoot or Ufo is more than me.
Nobody does,
but I look at it and long ago I am not buying it.
I'm not buying it.
I'm not about especially not buying Ufos.
I just look at it.
I look at the people that are talking about it and I go,
I think there was some fuckery afoot.
I think that there's a lot of people that are seeing government aircraft so that
they don't understand a lot of stealth technology,
a lot of new drones and all kinds of shit that the government's been working on
forever.
I think there's a lot of it.
Is that,
do I rule out the possibility that somewhere someone in our past has seen a
spaceship from
another dimension or another world?
No,
definitely not,
but there's too many sightings.
I'm not buying it.
I don't.
I think most of it is crazy people.
You know,
if you a certain amount of any story you hear from people,
any fantastical story that just gets distributed through the internet or the
news or whatever,
a huge percentage of that has got to be crazy.
People that want attention because it's so easy to get attention.
And if you're the type of person that wants to fake something,
what are you gonna do?
You can make crop circles.
You can make a,
a fake UFO photos for a long time.
The crop circles were real.
And then that one,
they did that video where the guy proved he could do it in the night.
The only problem,
the only problem with those crop circles is the ones that they can do.
They pale in comparison to some of the ones that are unexplained.
Yeah.
Cause they had the kick ass people don't want to talk to,
not just that there's something that happens to the,
the nodes of the plant.
They explode out like with engineering and chemical.
Well it looks like a microwave.
They actually,
what I was gonna say is there was a show where they,
uh,
some kids from MIT I believes from MIT or Harvard,
a recreated all of the situations that happen inside of a crop circle.
They did it inside of four hours.
They did it at night,
they did it with night vision.
They put together a pretty,
it wasn't the most complex,
but it was a pretty cool one.
It was a cool crop circle that mimicked the,
uh,
one of their science buildings on their campus.
And um,
they actually figured out a way to a,
there's a little iron fragments,
like almost microscopic,
like balls of iron melted iron that people have found inside the crop circles.
They recreated that.
They looked at that and they said,
well,
maybe this is evidence that some sort of a massive microwave technology was
being used and it cooked the ground and the iron in the ground was turning these
hot little metal beads.
There was like that was,
or there's some sort of a reaction to it that was one of the thoughts and maybe
they killed,
they connected that to the growth nodes to the fact that these,
uh,
these nodes had explode.
But these kids,
these students were able to recreate all of the,
um,
the different characteristics.
They were,
they made the growth nodes.
They had a microwave thing that they would blast.
He was wearing like a crazy radiation suit and shit.
It was pretty nuts.
What a long extension cord attached to a generator and they're microwaving all
the,
the wheat.
And then when they microwaved the weed at some of it popped and blew out,
just like those growth nodes.
So they recreated that.
They,
um,
they had this like this fire a gun that they would spray this,
this,
uh,
carbon into and it would be like trying to make these little iron,
you know,
molten iron,
iron pellets.
And they recreated it.
They recreated these,
I like,
I think it was like iron or something like that.
I forget what it was there.
There was,
there were shooting through this,
uh,
this blast of fire.
And then they eventually did it with a bomb.
They put the iron ore in a bomb and they blew a bomb up sky high in the middle
of the field.
All of these are ridiculous because that's not how the people who did it could
have done it because otherwise people are gonna see this fucking torch in the
middle of their field.
They're going to hear the bomb go in the middle of their field.
So it doesn't explain it well enough for it to be reasonable for the iron
particles.
But the other thing was the expulsion,
the explosion of these nodes and these plants,
they can only do it in a couple of plants,
whereas in these larger crop circles that are more complex,
it seems like it's much more,
much more prevalent.
So the real question is how do they do in those things?
And there's a lot of people that believe,
and it might really be not a bad idea or not a bad thought,
is that this is just some technology that is not public,
that there's a way to make a geometric pattern in a field of wheat with some
sort of a laser that's attached to a satellite that's in the sky and then it can
shoot down and cut into the ground like this,
this,
this thing that it can microwave these plants and flatten them out.
It sounds ridiculous,
but so does the Internet.
You know everything sounds ridiculous.
I had a guy from the CDC and my show in Atlanta and what does the CDC Center for
Disease Control and he was,
he had me convinced,
I'm telling you,
convinced that the government created aids to guild gays and blacks.
Well,
he's an idiot.
Convince.
Yeah,
that's ridiculous.
There's be people that say that our silly,
you don't,
that is a study so silly.
The thing you think that the government is trying to kill off gays and black
people.
Well they're doing a real shit job of it.
Okay.
Gay People in black harder everywhere.
It is true.
Maybe it is true.
Maybe that's why the government,
because the government fucks up everything,
right?
They fuck up everything.
So now trying to wipe out gays and blacks,
they've actually increased their numbers.
10 fold.
So stupid.
It's so stupid.
We're just trying to kill off the poor.
People know poor people are dying because they're sick.
You crazy fuck.
And when the,
you know the,
the standard for calling someone like the real problem with Aids in Africa,
everyone's like aids Africa.
Everyone has aids in Africa.
Yeah,
but you know what?
You know what AIDS is.
AIDS means you're fucking immune.
System has crashed and there's a bunch of reasons for that.
And one of them is the lack of nutrition those people have,
but it's not HIV.
Oh,
a lot of it isn't man.
When you attach aids to the same,
like when you call it all the same thing,
it's not all the same thing,
man.
That the aids of the,
the crushing of the immune cells,
the immune system that these Africans are experiencing.
It may or may not be HIV related,
but they're not testing them all for HIV.
When they come up these statistics,
they're seeing people with AIDS,
they're seeing people are wasting away and they know what the fuck is going on.
But I guarantee you that a percentage of that it's gotta be nutrition.
I have a large percentage.
I thought I,
that's crazy.
I thought it was,
I thought everyone just had aids.
Like no,
it becomes a salty sea.
It becomes a social issue and it becomes something like if you want to donate
money to aids research,
that is like,
you know,
that's like real,
that's real.
But if you want to donate money to,
there's these people that aren't eating and they're getting really sick.
Oh,
they don't even know what disease.
I'm gonna Save my money for a disease.
You know,
it's all dizzy.
Anything,
you know,
if you could have fucking bulemia,
that's a disease dis ease.
You're not at ease.
You're a fucking mess.
You know,
and these poor people in Africa,
what you're dealing with is a bunch of different factors.
I'm sure some of them are getting HIV too and whether or not HIV causes AIDS.
Is that Peter Duesberg guy screws scares of fucking Shit Outta Ya.
Cause he's a biologist at the University of California Berkeley.
And look,
I'm a,
I have no understanding of biology diseases,
how they work,
how they in a,
you know,
a retro viruses.
I don't understand any of that stuff.
Right.
So when I listened to a guy like that talk and say that he doesn't believe that
HIV causes AIDS and he thinks that aids is a bunch of different,
it's ridiculous shit.
It sounds like it is.
Right.
That's just like you and you're always accountable when you were a kid that
people lie to you a lot.
Like every single person lied to you.
Right.
I'm really good at spotting liars because I get lied to a lot.
Yeah,
sure.
Like your dad was mine.
I was around a bunch of idiots.
That's about a bunch of crazy violent idiots when I was a little kid.
So I at an early age was forced to like look at everything for myself.
I couldn't trust that guy.
I thought he was cool.
I thought he was my dad until he started hitting my mom.
I couldn't trust that guy cause even though it's my grandfather who was trying
to fuck my mom in front of me.
Yeah,
I remember that when I was a little kid,
like my mother was shitting running away from my dad's dad because he was trying
to grab her and he's trying to grab her pussy in front of me.
I was real little.
I was like four or five,
but it was one of those deigning memories like where he's chasing her around
like a counter or something like that and I would just,
it just creeped me the fuck out man.
Is your mom's still alive?
Yeah.
Where's she live?
I don't want to tell you.
Hey,
so I got,
I got something that I need to tell you guys.
You guys need to get this done.
My mom doesn't let me talking about her on the podcast or you need to get this
done,
Joe.
You definitely talking about my mom,
dude.
I know it's changing it for a little respect for me to talk about her.
She'd be like,
bring me up.
What do you want to say?
Uh,
when I had my aids outbreak this weekend,
I went was at the doctor and they put that thing in your ear to like look
through and make your ears.
I don't know why they didn't see your ears,
but uh,
they,
they were like,
dude,
your,
your earwax is really bad.
I can't even see her eardrum.
Oh my God.
Please tell me you're pulling up a video on the Internet of cleaning out of
yours.
No,
no,
no.
I just saw that the other day.
Right.
Well,
he's just telling you,
he's about to tell you that.
Just did it.
Uh,
so,
so they're like,
you know,
that's bad.
And I'm like,
yeah,
I know.
I actually always have to try to clean my ears out with hydrogen peroxide and
always doing the Q tip thing.
And she's like,
no,
that's,
it.
Just pushes it in it.
It does nothing that you need to come back here,
here,
pour this in your ears tonight,
and then pour it in this one in your ear in the morning and come back to me and
like a day or two.
And I'm like,
okay.
And so I go home,
I poured this shit in my ear and then the next day I put it in my other ear,
whatever.
And I go there and she puts this like what?
It was a like heavy duty waterpik in my ear.
And she pushes it in.
And at first you're like,
it doesn't hurt.
It kind of vibrates.
So it's kind of uncomfortable,
but it doesn't hurt.
And uh,
Sh and you're holding up this little jar next to your ear.
And then she goes,
oh my God,
that I've never seen that.
That came all out in one chunk.
And then I'm like,
what?
And I look at it and the water's Brown and there was like a chunk of wax the
size of like a half dollar and like just amazing.
It was amazing.
Half dollars bigger than you.
It was a humongous,
and she said that my whole ear canal is filled with wax.
Wow.
And,
and what happens is she's like,
there's two different kinds of earwax.
There's ones that's kind of like a honey and there's one that's kind of like a
prune and she's like,
you have the prune kind,
which like builds and builds and it stays kind of like a hard things.
You never even know it's there.
It just makes it your canal.
You've got to get the number of the slowly,
well this is just a minute clinic and cvs,
which I don't know if you know what those,
you wanted to cvs to get this done.
No,
no.
I found this dude.
So anyways,
I did my other ear,
it was twice as bad anyways.
And now I have HD hearing like seriously two or three times better hearing than
than I was.
They're like,
wow.
People,
she's like,
people think like they have this thing after they get done their word,
they call it like,
oh I have dog hearing now.
And I'm like,
that's what it feels like.
I feel like I,
I've been like,
I did pop my ears for 10 years.
So have you seen the videos?
That's why they have certain sounds that they put around a certain buildings
that only kids can hear and it's like annoying to keep kids away,
right?
Yeah.
There's a frequency that young kids can hear that we can't hear anymore.
Really?
I heard about that.
There's a ring tone do you can get for your phone that does that frequency that
only kids so your parents can hear when you hear that you're getting texts.
That's hilarious.
What is interrupt their say so because I had something to say about that.
What you were saying.
Where is it very fast.
Remember I was just saying the story and I was like,
oh wait very fast.
Anyways,
the HD
ear thing when you interrupt with it your thing,
we were talking about my mom.
No,
no,
no.
I mean during my ears story,
Burt,
you said something right at the very end and it made me speed up the end but I
wanted it to,
we lost against marijuana.
Definitely.
I definitely got an minute clinics.
I went to minute clinic.
Did you know this?
Cvs has these things you just go in,
it could be like typing your name.
This woman goes,
alright,
ready to see you.
You come and be like,
Hey,
I got strep throat and she's let me check.
Yeah you do.
Here's your medicine prescription by,
and you don't have to do any of the doctors shit anymore.
So I've,
I just go to these minute doctor who diagnosed,
well it's,
it's a,
uh,
a nurse or,
yeah.
And so they know enough for most things,
like most common colds,
strep throat,
whatever.
Bullshit.
But so now I just go all the time because it's covered by insurance also.
Even if it wasn't something like 60 or $70 and you just go there and be like,
I think I have strep.
And she's like,
you open your mouth.
She goes,
you probably do.
Yeah you do.
And then you just go next door and drop off your prescription.
You're in and out in like an hour.
There's no wait.
You know where they learned that from?
The oxycontin clinics.
So Florida pain management,
pain management is a lot of fucking money and pain management.
Well,
this is a lot of
money in prescribing all kinds of different medications.
Anytime you can get a line of people that need some pills and you could sell him
some pills,
you just have to have a doctor that it's willing to write,
scribble some shit on some paper and you're golden.
They've got,
my buddy is doing that now.
They created a group of doctors who do house calls but do house calls over the
phone and so you basically,
it's like,
look,
the majority of prescriptions are for antibiotics,
so listen,
I've got a cold.
I know I need fucking antibiotics.
Can you prescribe me anything?
Take antibiotics every time we get a call.
No,
I don't take anything good for you.
I'll take a fucking thing.
That's how I test.
It's an old Mitch Hedberg is how I testify.
Bates.
See if I'm alive in five days.
I've gotten sick,
sick,
sick too.
I had to do it with strap,
but I usually don't either.
Well,
I have that if I got the flu,
the flu,
I've taken medicine.
I take that,
uh,
Tamiflu taking that stuff.
It's very good when you,
right after you get the flu,
like within,
what are you doing?
Sticking things into my,
for soaking up the sweat.
But that Tamiflu stuff's very effective.
If you catch it like really quick.
What do you guys talk about when you're not doing a podcast?
We don't talk much.
We try not to tell it.
He called me the other day and I wanted to tell him about this ear shit,
but we're like,
yeah,
we're like,
stop talking.
And it's like,
what's the point of talking?
I was like,
we have to only talk about like the podcast that we just did.
Like,
Hi guys yesterday.
Yeah,
we'll talk.
That's what we're talking about.
We're talking about what went good,
what didn't go so good.
Fine.
How did you not videotape them cleaning out your ear?
Uh,
I was thinking of it.
Yeah,
it was really disgusting.
Even though your ear at cvs.
Yeah,
I'll go tomorrow.
I want to get my,
have a little closet.
There's not every cvs minute clinic,
but if you go to like minute clinic.com or whatever or cvs,
but they have like a little room about the size of a little small office and you
just go in and they do it all right there.
It's super cheap,
super convenient.
I love it and I've got a really nice people.
I got a clinic one time,
nothing was fucking amazing.
Speaking about health.
Okay.
I tried the bacon and eggs diet in the morning,
big and eggs and coffee and I tried the Kale Shit.
That's why it looks a rib bone and I'm back to the Kale shake.
Unfortunately.
The reality is that bacon and eggs,
when you,
you have the bacon and eggs and coffee breakfast,
Robb Wolf,
the guy wrote the Paleo solution to try for a month though.
Is that what he said?
Yeah.
Try for a month and then let me know how you feel.
Really.
I tried it for a little while.
Digestive juices.
It's very different operation for a Kale shake than it is for bacon and eggs and
the amount of energy have,
like when I have a Kale shake,
I don't feel hungry,
but I have energy.
It's a very weird thing and I'm not,
it's not like I'm struggling to process the food that's in my body.
It's super easy to process because it's dirty,
Vitamix down.
It's already blended the fuck up.
It does not taste that good.
It doesn't,
it tastes okay.
But for the health benefits,
I take that shit in the morning and I feel fucking great and I've tried the
other way.
I try,
listen,
nobody likes fucking bacon and eggs more than me.
I love it.
I like bacon and eggs with hot sauce.
That's what I like to do.
Throw a little salt and pepper on them.
Fucking sunny side up eggs and give me some fucking hot sauce.
I'll eat the shit out of some bacon and eggs and I fucking love Bacon.
When he was talking about cooking Bacon for two hours,
my dick got hard.
But the reality for me is that I find that I think I,
I feel personally like I need some animal protein.
I try,
I've tried like to go vegan before I've tried to go just to,
for experimental purposes.
I get it.
I fucking miss meat,
man.
I miss it.
Especially after I lift weights or anything.
Rick really strenuous.
My body wants a meat and uh,
I'm not really big fan of cows,
you know,
I wish they were treated better,
I would rather eat game.
I'd rather eat wild things that were running around their whole life and then
got blasted out of nowhere.
I think that's like the most humane and the smartest way for us to approach it.
Like,
I really think Ted Nugent's got it nailed.
That guy lives on a fucking giant ranch and he kills animals every day.
He goes and he sits up in a tree stand and he waits and he shoots a fucking deer
with a bow and Arrow and that's what they eat for dinner.
It takes it home.
It's got,
you know,
yeah,
he's got a whole fucking set up up there.
I mean,
it's amazing and so good for you too.
You know,
it's so good for you.
But I'm,
when I look at like what makes me feel the healthiest,
um,
I've tried,
I've tried the bacon and eggs in the morning and although it's fucking fantastic
and delicious as shit,
I don't feel as good as when I,
uh,
when I have the Kale shakes,
cal shakes,
just give me more energy.
I'm not struggling to digest it.
There's a difference between the digestion feeling of the bacon and eggs by the
way,
are pretty goddamn light.
You could choose some eggs down.
You could have like three sunny side up eggs with like very little butter and it
really nothing.
You know,
it's like,
it's really light if you,
uh,
if you,
um,
poach them,
they're fucking fantastic,
fantastic.
Really,
really light.
But what are you producing to jail shake that it tastes like sugar is mine.
Taste amazing,
but like it's from,
you know,
a little bit of that.
Um,
I just put the standard ingredients,
celery,
cucumber,
Kale,
and then I,
I'm,
I'm always have garlic,
raw garlic and ginger and coconut oil.
Robb Wolf says you just put coconut oil so it helps your body to absorb the
nutrients in the Kale shakes when you add a little fat to it.
And then coconut oil is a really healthy fat to have anyway.
Super good for you.
It's like juicy fruit.
They're the fucking amazing.
What are you putting in that half a banana?
Half a pair of half an orange,
uh,
um,
Kale,
hemp,
hulled grapes.
So yours is more like a fruit smoothie.
You can smooth it.
Definitely.
And um,
and I wonder because when I was drinking them,
I wasn't losing a ton of weight.
I was plateaued hardcore.
It's a lot of calories.
It's big.
It's a lot.
There's a lot of us have a dick load of calories.
Well there's also all that other stuff is,
it's got a lot of sugar in it know.
And even though it's
fruit sugar,
it's sugar,
natural sugars from fruit,
it's better for you than standard sugar.
You know,
like,
you know,
processed sugar was still really shouldn't have that much probably all the time.
You know,
I think that your body aches for Greens.
Fruits are very good,
very important,
especially after training after training like fruits tastes fucking delicious.
Oh you have a nice delicious pair.
Fdlr workout.
Amazings of the best herbs to Donald Rollins.
We were doing this show.
This TV's over for what you want to call it for comedy central.
And L is like Donald grew up in the hood.
He's a respectful,
he wouldn't dress it in gay shit cause he was like,
Nah,
my boys will see that shit and I'll never let that shit down.
I'm not going to be like no gay.
I'm not,
you know that's Danelle.
So done.
They'll get him in trouble.
No,
Donald would say that on this podcast.
Darnell were out in the middle of the desert doing a photo shoot for comedy
central.
It's hot as fuck.
We're all dusty.
And they bring out a huge bowl of watermelon and Don Ellis just fucking couldn't
bring himself to eat the watermelon cause he's like,
Nah,
I'm not going to fucking do that.
I'm not going to eat watermelon in front of a bunch of white people.
That's so silly.
So funny.
Cause it's such a weird thing that watermelon thing,
watermelon and chicken are both delicious.
He implied that black people enjoy watermelon and chicken.
All of a sudden you're a racist.
I'm implying you enjoy delicious foods too,
by the way.
Maybe the best foods ever.
Really good fried chicken is fucking fantastic.
If you get like some serious like Roscoe's chicken and Waffles,
fried chicken,
you go to Roscoe's.
Oh fuck.
We go to Roscoe's.
Yes.
Goddamn Roscoe's is good.
The waffles are fucking me.
Even better than the waffles are sensational and the fucking chicken is perfect.
It's,
it's fucking get some good tasting food and watermelon when you're hot and
thirsty is the most satisfying fruit ever.
How could anybody be upset that you're talking about them?
Like in chicken and waffles and chicken and watermelon?
I don't know where that came in.
Why that would be.
Everyone likes I should there.
It's weird.
You know chickens at one point in time or a luxury item.
That's why I like one of the presidents,
I think it was Roosevelt promised a chicken in every pot.
You know the chicken was a,
the more preferred animals.
Harder to get it was a beef was more common.
The reason they pried it.
The reason is that it traveled.
Well that'd be Friday.
It could last.
Oh really?
Yeah.
That was why that was why the fried chicken was a big southern thing.
Cause you could travel with it.
How long will it last?
If you fry it,
it lasts forever.
If you put it in the fridge,
I'm guessing more than one meal.
So this was a,
they used to have to roll the dice with food back then.
Right when they make food they probably were a grill careful with like leftovers
and shit.
Once we figured out leftovers.
It's really interesting cause that's how sort of society was created.
If you stop and look,
first of all we figured out how to get all our shit and put it together.
We figured out agriculture and we figured out how to get everything in one
place.
So we built cities,
you know,
and then you have resources you have,
have everything's all stock piled up,
you know,
and then it gets to where if where we're at today,
it's like now we figured out a way to stock pile pretty much everything and even
food in your house,
like you can eat it and cook it and then you store it away in the freezer.
So it's like you're stockpiling.
Yeah.
You know?
And that,
that's something you couldn't do when you were just walking around outside
trying to hunt for food everyday.
It's hard keeping vegetables,
but vegetables think how quick vegetables go bad.
They never,
and then they all ripe at once and you're like,
fuck everyone,
let's start eating cucumbers.
All he could do,
you got to eat them as quick as you can.
And then in the winter you're fucked.
If there's an apocalypse,
the,
you know,
the number one animal to get that will sustain you and your entire family.
What rabbit rabbits on this fucking dude preparers.
You know,
you can starve from eating rabbits.
It's like a type of a,
a lack of fat to your diet.
You can,
you can literally starve.
you know.
Sure enough nutrients.
Yeah.
If if say if you will like trap somewhere and all you had to eat was rabbits for
like a month,
you might starve to death just eating just those rabbits.
So they said this guy said,
he said it's wrong.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
Well I'm,
I'm pretty sure it's true.
There's Garcia,
they reproduce so quickly that within a year you've,
you're fucking crop is huge.
Well the thing is you would have to eat other things as well.
Yeah.
Rabbit starvation.
It's true.
That's from rabbit starvation or the eating of others is skinny meet who wrote
that though?
Bugs.
No Bro,
this isn't a fucking Wikipedia with scientific statements.
I was really,
it was really,
it's a form of acute malnutrition caused by excess consumption of any lean meat
coupled with a lack of other sources of nutrients,
usually in combination with other stressors such as severe cold or dry
environment.
So if it's a severely drug it desert or really dry environment,
you can eat rabbits and stuff.
It does.
Dick symptoms include diarrhea,
headache,
fatigue.
That's everyday for Brian.
You're dying of rabid poisoned son.
Hate to tell you this.
Yeah.
Isn't that amazing?
That's why you need fat.
Your body needs fat.
It's very important.
We got real weird with all this low fat,
this low fat that we need fat.
There's a lot of like avocado.
This isn't like a healthy fats you can get from plants if you're not into eating
animals,
but you need some fucking fat,
your body,
you need a lube up those joints,
bitch.
I'll just want protein and some vegetables.
That's my fucking diet.
Tuesdays,
steak.
That's what's up.
Vegans,
you don't know I,
I'm down with all your food.
You know you guys make some delicious,
nutritious and very healthy food.
However it can't fuck with a robot.
You cannot fuck with a ribeye over mesquite.
Bone mets.
He fuck ass son.
When we say Bonin,
fuck yes.
No better feeling than the smell.
What's wrong with you?
How could you run away from it?
Fuck a cow.
They would eat.
They would eat you if you were made out of grass.
They would eat the fucking shit out of you.
They don't care about your,
they're dumb as hell.
He should not torture them for sure.
Absolutely.
I think the factory farming is cruel.
I'd
be much willing,
more willing to pay more for a,
a burger that comes from sustainable farms where they're doing it organically
and that you know,
humanely kill the cow when it comes time to do it.
I would much rather do that,
but cows are here to be all right.
Don't get crazy.
Steak is God damn delicious and if we didn't kill cows,
we're going to have to fucking run around neutering them.
Then we're going to have to figure out some way to stop them from fucking,
we're going to have to,
we're going to have a regular environment.
We're going to have to separate the bowl from the cows and then what?
We just let those cows not breed and starve to death or do we manage this
involved would do left us animal go extinct because we're not going to eat it
anymore because those are the options or mountain lions on the streets.
Those are your options.
What's your options?
We bring fucking tigers into North America.
There's a lot of asphalt,
which you really,
yeah,
cause I think would make people nicer.
The capacity.
Pasadena.
There's bears in Pasadena again.
Again,
think about are they're swimming and everyone's pools now.
Like all these bears are going cause it's so hot and Pasadena to go.
Well they're coming down from big bear.
They're coming down from a lake arrowhead and big bigger,
but it's like a weekly thing now and they pretty much just said,
yeah,
this is going to happen.
It's really hot.
They time to go bear hunting in the backyard.
That's what I say.
I mean bear that's in my yard can suck my dick.
I'm going to shoot him.
I'm not calling conservation.
I have,
I have a big tickets to lady Gaga.
I was trouble.
You could get in trouble.
If I don't give a fuck,
I don't give a fuck.
Maybe I have to pay a fine bear.
That bear needs to be shot and killed.
Do I really mean this?
Let,
no,
I probably called him.
I'm just fucking around.
Call animal control.
I would like definitely bring my kids and say this is what a bear looks like and
I would have definitely have a gun on me,
you know,
in case they tried to get into the house.
Do you have a shotgun?
Dude,
I got a lot of shit.
Really don't fuck with him.
We shot machine guns,
man.
I want to show,
have you seen the videos of all the this uh,
by the way,
I'm in no way do we make light of any of the recent gun shooting tragedies that
have been going on when you discuss guns,
I think that's sort of the elephant in the room.
You have to bring up all these different tragedies that are going on.
There's a Sikh temple thing is so horrific,
man,
if you never met seeks before,
they are some of the nicest,
most peaceful people.
And they're saying that someone confused him.
Some white supremacists,
dude confused them with Muslims and he was a,
you know,
an idiot.
And so I had 11 gun kidding.
You had a messed up.
He was a veteran.
He's probably,
you know,
had PTSD.
So anyway,
he goes in and shoots up this place.
But there's videos and this is where it gets really crazy of these people that
are,
um,
from the temple who we're talking to reporters and they're talking about
multiple gunmen.
They said there were three other guys.
They kept saying there's three other guys.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I didn't see that.
Pull it up here.
I'll,
I'll tell you what the video is.
Eddie Bravo,
uh,
tweeted it
when Eddie Bravo tweets things.
So you gotta go.com is cloud collection must be,
oh,
he knows when they're spraying.
So you say that
they're spraying,
he knows when they're spraying all the reason I know about chem trails.
Yeah.
He's,
he's a beautiful person.
I talk about chem trails all the time when people was like,
really?
And I go,
yeah,
yeah.
And I never knew where it came from.
It's from Eddie Bravo.
He believes that Shit,
man,
he believes it.
But it'd be crazy if he was right.
Let me find this man.
Give me a second.
So this guy was so stupid that he missed,
he can confuse Sikhs with the terrorists.
I think so.
I think he's just doesn't like how they look and act like they turbans and the
hair.
Cause I mean during these interviews,
so that's the,
you could tell dumb people look at that and be like,
those are terrorists.
People who look at that and go,
yeah,
look at that.
But that's fucking ridiculous.
Yeah.
That's the standard story with this story is as much more fantastical.
Okay.
This is the,
this is the video.
Go to seek massacre,
s I k h massacre and then colon.
That's the two dots.
One on top of the other.
Oh,
why would you do that?
Eye Witness testimony?
I use two hands or silly bitch testimony contradicts official story.
Well,
it's not ridiculous.
These people are saying,
and this is where it gets interesting is because these people were saying that
they were there and they saw more than one gunman and it could mean they were an
absolute abject terror and they hallucinated.
But the fact that so many of them hallucinated you know,
when you're in a period of intense,
traumatic situation like that,
it is possible that one person could say that.
It would no one in the Colorado massacres said anything more than they did.
Yes they did.
Yeah they did.
Yeah,
that's it.
Click,
click on that.
My dad is out at the hospital and we're just relaying information back and
forth.
I'm trying to get as much info as possible.
Have you learned from him about what transpired inside or from your mother?
The most I can learn,
the most I know as he now is that there were multiple shooters.
There's multiple people.
It was a very well coordinated.
It wasn't haphazard and I think that's why uh,
police and everybody are taking the proper protocol to get the situation under
control,
not trying to jeopardize anything and describe what's happening currently.
But as far as your mother,
she was at the time that we spoke at one point hiding,
um,
had,
did she give you any sense for how many people at that time at least we're
hiding the sense over there.
It was when she started hiding in the closet.
She didn't know how many people were out there,
so she just got,
so that's one of them.
That's the wrong one.
But this is what I want you to,
that you
to this one.
I hit what did,
no,
that's not it.
I said,
just go to youtube.
There's all these videos.
I know,
but just go.
Just trust me.
Go to youtube and get this video because this is a really good one.
It's a great compilation,
but that right there had,
he said something very important in that video.
What he say?
He said that there was multiple shooters and my mom didn't know before she hid
how many shooters or was she made to the conclusion that there was multiple
shooters after she hit.
Okay.
I don't know what you're talking about,
but go pull this.
Just pull this up.
Seek s I k h
massacre
massacre m a s S,
a,
Z,
and seek massacre.
An eye witness testimony.
Okay.
Testimony contradicts
cts.
Yes.
Yeah,
that's it.
The second one down.
All right.
Oh,
second one.
Yeah,
that's it.
That's it.
Okay.
Now listen to this because this is a,
we now know this is the Guttman who opened fire inside that sick Tampa in
military
shooters and that they are Caucasian descent.
All right,
that just so you know,
that guy I just explained,
that's called wait,
hold up.
Stop it Brian.
That is not complete bullshit.
You are relaying a man's discussion that his own mother said to him,
I don't know if it's total bullshit.
It's too much.
Trent chain down the information.
When he said,
know what he said though?
He said something very,
very important.
His mom had no idea how many shooters or was until after she hit your right.
So,
so she's hidden and she came to the conclusion there was multiple shooters.
That's what he said.
But he's relaying what his mom said.
That shit gets very far.
He's on the phone with her.
He says,
but he's relaying what she said.
You know,
unless you're talking to her and she says that you don't know why the fuck she
thought there might be something else to the reason why she thought there was
multiple shooters.
There might be more than one reason they might've seen it.
This video is only focusing on
play this
or multiple shooters.
There's multiple people.
It was a very well coordinated.
It wasn't haphazard
white males who Gus darkly,
uh,
just all black clothing came in and opened fire on the,
our congregation.
Well,
my mom's hiding in the sponsoring our,
she's,
she's hyper scared and saying that the people are still in there.
I don't know how many some people went inside
the people judge and they did a bunch of suits.
Lisa,
one wonder the wounded man said an unknown number of government had walked into
the kitchen of the Sikh temple and open fire.
The man who said his father had been wounded,
reported that there had been multiple gunmen.
We now know this is the Guttman who opened fire inside that sick Tampa in
military vet.
Uh,
you know what?
We are really apparently
as lone wolf terrorism and what we need to do is change the way in which people
think about guns,
especially young people.
We need to do this every day of the week and just really brainwash people into
thinking about guns in a vastly different way and just really brainwash people
into thinking about guns in a vastly different way.
Okay.
See,
that's why it's weird.
It wasn't just one guy.
That's why I was trying to tell you to let it play.
Right.
The one guy's really ain't some shit from his mom in there,
it sounds like.
Well,
yeah,
and the other woman was in there.
She saw more than one person.
Everybody was saying it's more than one person.
Does that mean there was more than one person?
No,
it doesn't.
Because I'll tell you,
if you've ever been inside of any sort of a chaotic situation,
people lose their shit.
And a lot of times people don't know exactly what's going on.
They're on survival mode.
They're on fight or flight mode.
When adrenaline takes over,
people go into a tunnel and they don't know what the fuck is going on.
And if you know one person starts saying there's more than one gunman,
the you need just need one person to say it and then boom,
you'll,
everybody will be repeated is also ex military,
is that what they said?
So that could be another thing.
If these were all military guys and they grabbed the other three are,
you know what it could be,
you know,
who knows?
It might be some militia and they kidnap the other three and you know they're
going to let them go because they have a fucking cop somewhere.
Who knows?
Man,
you know,
I don't know if there was four people or just one person in there.
I,
you know,
I don't know if it was really just a,
but that's the sad thing is is these people died and if,
if it really was some sort of a white supremacist group,
these people are the nicest people ever.
Sikhs.
Sikhs,
first of all,
they eat marijuana.
It's part of their religion.
Yeah.
They have some like crazy yogurt drink.
They have some,
the fuck they are with shit will blow you through the fucking center of the
universe.
If you just cook it,
do it.
It's like a yogurt.
It's like a marijuana yoga.
I mean they do it to get high.
It's,
yeah,
it's a part of their religion.
That's awesome.
Fuck yeah.
I,
I run into a lot of Sikhs in Canada.
They come to a lot of shows,
especially in Toronto.
They are some of the nicest fucking coolest people you'll ever meet.
But people are thrown off because we see a guy in a turban,
we assume Muslim,
we assumed they hate us.
Seeks Love the western way of starting a Muslim.
No,
they're not nuts.
Totally different.
They're very,
not only that didn't really open about having their,
um,
I think there a type of Buddhas.
Wait a minute.
I think seekers,
the religion.
Yeah.
What is it?
It's an Indian Sikh is,
okay,
let's find out because I've met a lot of them and then they,
they seem to be some really nice people.
And so when I,
when I see this,
it's just a,
it's a,
it's a monotheistic religion.
Founded in the 15th century in the Punjab region,
continue to progress for tendons.
Successive Sikh Gurus.
Sikhs are expected to embody the qualities of a sense subpar.
A saint soldier,
one must have control over one's internal vices and be able to be constantly
immersed in virtues.
Clarified in new Guru Granth Shah heap the principle belief of the seek our
faith in the y guru represented by the phase.
While it was weird,
I don't even know what all these extra dots are.
Yeah,
I'll try this it on tar tar meaning one God along with praxis in which the Sikh
is in,
joined in to engage in social reform through the pursuit of justice for all
human beings.
This sounds like the most beautiful religion ever.
Peaceful.
Yeah.
Seek advocate advocates.
The pursuit of salvation in a social context through the congressional pack
practice of meditation of the name and message of God.
The follows of seek are ordained to follow the teachings of the tenancy gurus or
enlightened leaders as well as the holy scripture and titled The the Goof grants
or heap Granth Sahib Ji,
which along with the writings of the six seat,
he is getting a little wordy.
I think we figured out that the conspiracy though,
they're all fucking high on marijuana and they're seeing multiple people.
I'll tell you what.
Well that's actually a good point.
That's a very good point.
If they were in the,
there are actually high stir fry in their ceremony.
Yes.
Yeah.
That
makes 100% really good point.
When I was a kid,
we,
me and my buddy and his mom took a boat across our lake to go watch a party and
these I have to leave.
Yeah.
I guess I have to leave soon.
And uh,
these kids started throwing oranges at us.
It was like the most traumatic thing that ever happened to me and that at that
time,
cause it was the middle of the night and gene Simmons or less than.
So it was before gene Simmons.
Do you think gene Simmons going to reach out to you after this call?
Kim.
Wow.
Let them try.
He was nice to me when I met him twice.
Sure.
It was nice.
Uh,
in 2000,
2000,
2000.
Yeah.
So he changed in the last 12 years.
Would you give him at a break?
I'll be,
yeah,
I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you what kind of my show.
I'm not gonna.
I won't have any,
would you have him in your man cave and do a podcast with him?
Yeah.
Oh,
and a fucking,
he'll do that for his reality show.
It'd be a good episode.
The guy got a facelift on TV as well.
Yeah.
He got a fresh face.
His what?
In his rider.
Everyone's got shit in the rider and his writer,
he has to come in and see the lighting before the day before.
So he came over to the studio the day before and just check the lighting and had
his own lighting guy come in and Redo the lighting.
Wow.
Yeah.
Why would you care about the lighting?
Cause his hair,
I think.
Uh,
so he wants to make sure it's not,
it's not dropping down.
You're dropping right down on his head light.
So it's super soft.
Everyone looked good in that episode.
I'll be under a soft.
Do you know why they do riders?
Why the concept of a rider is there initially.
So like,
so like,
uh,
was it,
was it guns and roses or van Halen had the ridiculous rider where they had only
brown m and.
M's,
they want an m and m's and the thing,
but it's only brown.
Which band was it?
Uh,
I don't fucking know.
Joe.
Come on.
Don't pick me apart.
You're just so,
uh,
but the reason they did it is because they had a bunch of pyrotechnics.
So the idea was if they're not paying attention to the smallest thing,
then they're not paying attention to anything.
So that's why they put right.
Ridiculous things and riders so that the,
the artists knew.
All right,
this is a top
notch show.
So that was the whole concept of writers.
I thought that was fascinating.
That is fascinating.
I think it's more like they're spoiled cuts and they want fucking brown m and
some people do.
Some people are some given anything in your writer.
I'm like,
I think they have to bring water.
No.
Heineken's water and bottle of red wine,
bottle of red wine,
throat coat,
honey,
coffee
sharpies.
Sharpies.
Yeah,
you're right.
That's exactly right.
Turkey or any kind of mixed meat's going to have some meat and fruit.
We had a fruit fruit to fuck.
I have nothing in my ride.
I get a ride or sign you don't want.
It's important.
Red Ball rolling with Joey fucking Diaz and if you don't ever want Joey hungry,
you want to have some food around for him to make a quick sandwich so Joey can
slap a fuck.
He'll be right about to go onstage and he's got a fucking handle it.
When we got here,
we've got some fucking,
Jeez Dude,
he is the most requested comic.
When I go on the road,
he's an animal.
They're like,
well,
should we do is come in here and I'm like,
I have no fucking idea.
I don't poke his dates.
I played this for everybody.
The video of him I played after the podcast.
I've already played it on the podcast form of him going on stage in New York and
it's like a minute and a half of people screaming before he goes on stage.
It's what this podcast is taking things to.
The next level.
Every time I go on stage,
it's the machine does squad and you're like,
but Joey is,
Joey is the embodiment.
I was sentenced to Brian.
Joey has is like,
it's like the thing you can't get,
like you can't get it in your hometown,
so when it does come to your hometown,
you're like fuck.
That's how does that came out today with Joe is Joey's the party.
Joey's the party.
That's why I bring Joey.
Joey has,
there's not a single special that I've done since 1999 it doesn't have Joey in
it.
Joey always introduces me.
Joey always comes with me to the shows.
Joey.
Oh cause what?
I want Joey,
I'm having fun.
Joey's low.
He's the life of the party.
Like this is what I'm so bummed out that my Canadian friends can't meet Joey,
that we can't bring Joey to Canada,
but Joey can't get into Canada.
He's in the middle.
He's getting that fixed.
The Fuck Outta here.
You Ain't going to get you.
They let the dude who's in jail for armed kidnapping in Canada.
That's my favorite part of explaining.
Joey went to club booker goes,
so what?
What is he,
what's he like?
And I go,
he's hard to explain.
And they go,
well,
what is he doing before stand up on was like prison.
When you meet a guy like that,
it's just,
you know,
you,
you want to do everything you can to let other people know about it.
That's how I feel.
And he's my mock Joey and I was like,
this is such a rare gem of a human.
I got to do everything I can to spread this guy's name.
I want to go on the road with you and Joey.
When weekend I'll go,
I'm doing the trip.
Flip thing.
We start in like a couple of weeks and I tried to cancel a bunch of dates,
but I still want to stand up.
I can't do a whole week,
so I'd love to fucking do like just one of your weekends.
Well,
I do.
Sometimes I'll do a stack show.
Like I got a stack show coming up in Vegas on August 31st we decided to have,
it's going to be Ari,
Dunkin,
Joey and
me.
Holy Shit.
So we're going to have a big ass crazy fucking show at the Mandalay bay.
I like doing it like
this pitch.
Can't let it go.
Um,
you know,
but to have a show like that,
like a four,
four man killer show for headliners,
you know,
I think we'll start doing more of those.
That's fun.
If you do want more fun power in man,
and you look at my schedule and then let me know where you want to go.
I'll do that in a heartbeat.
Okay.
Come on.
Cause I can't do a long weekend,
but I can do like a weekend with you.
Okay,
well let's do it.
Let's,
um,
let's find a,
a couple of dates coming up and locks up,
man.
But,
uh,
yeah,
we're,
we're going all over the fucking place,
so I've got a lot of shit coming up in North Carolina.
I'm doing a Raleigh and Asheville,
North Carolina.
In September I'm doing,
uh,
Minneapolis in October.
I'm doing a,
I've got a bunch of dates coming up.
Sacramento.
I'm doing a theater up there.
Um,
I'm going to do with the San Jose Improv as a UFC in San Jose.
That San Jose Angel Province.
That shit.
Oh,
it's a beautiful palace.
Fucking amazing place.
Houdini.
He used to work there.
Yeah.
Used to be a,
if you're in San Jose and you don't go to that Improv,
you really,
you wouldn't even know as you drove by that unless you were like a resident that
knows the history of the building.
But that's an old time show building from like silent movie days and it is
unbelievably gorgeous.
It is a beautiful,
beautiful club.
It's one of the,
my favorite places to work in San Jose.
He's the shit son.
We've got to show a Wednesday night at the icehouse.
That's tomorrow night.
It's going to be,
that's going to be an insane show.
Tom Rhodes is where my favorite human beings.
It's ridiculous.
The lineup.
Brian,
uh,
we got Bert Kreischer to tongue,
Sam Tripoli,
Tom Rhodes,
Brody Stevens,
Benson,
dom Arrera.
That's crazy.
That's what's,
and me,
I'm going to have to take it at a party party,
bro.
I'm a party car service and customer comedy.com.
And that means,
uh,
if Brody or other,
if,
uh,
if he burned does that,
he'll also be on the ice house chronicles with brother's getting me on it,
right?
Yeah.
Brody Brody with dom Irrera with Tom Rhodes.
It's sure to be one of the best ice house chronicles of all time.
And if you want to get the ice house chronicles,
it's one of my favorite podcasts that we do and it's on Brian's labeled a death
squad label.
Um,
what was death squad?
That sounds Kinda meathead.
Ish.
It's a nickname that ob from opie and Anthony gave me when I showed up at the
studio,
uh,
we showed up,
Brian and Tate Fletcher and Eddie Bravo and it's like,
oh,
Joe Rogan brought the dust squad.
It was so,
it was like,
it became like a silly thing.
It's silly.
More than anything.
We don't think we're really killing anybody relaxed.
Uh,
but anyway,
it's fun when people,
when people go,
what is this fucking desk squad you're a part of?
It's crazy and I can't explain to you,
but I'm on iTunes.
If you go to the desk squad label on Itunes,
that's the only way to get ice house chronical should go to desk squad.tv.
You can check that shit out there,
but we do regular shows at the ice house,
so if you're in Pasadena,
most likely almost every week we're there.
It's a great fucking club.
It's a club.
It's been around since the 1960s and to us it's all,
Brian and I were just talking about this.
This is our lab.
It's like the greatest club ever.
It's the best thing ever for to just fucking do shows every week.
I don't think I've done one of those shows even remotely sober last show,
the last show I did there,
it was in the big room and I kept talking to the lights.
I thought there was a balcony,
oh show.
I kept talking to them about and the kid in the front row goes,
who the fuck are you talking to?
And I go them and he goes,
there's no second floor.
And I got it.
I like to wait where the fuck is the second time you read the laugh?
I thought it was,
I was like,
I thought there was a second fucking floor.
That was the funniest show that was so it is chaos playing drunk.
Every show is the funniest show.
Like the last one we did was more fun than the ones that we'd done before and
it's,
and the conversations are fucking epic.
Will we have,
it's a real green room.
It's like what,
what the icehouse chronicles are.
It's like,
you know,
we,
we've been doing podcasts for a while,
but to do a podcast and a show at the same time,
really it's like one of the most perfect combinations because everybody gets
loosened up before they go onstage in the,
in the podcast studio.
So we're all talking shit and having fun,
making a whiskey shot before you go and stay.
I don't think I would have done one of those shows without you pulling me aside
and going,
let's do a shot of Jack.
We do shots were doing shots.
I just put one up yesterday and the icehouse chronicles 40 and it has Tiffany
Haddish in it.
This amazing new comic that I love her to death.
She's,
she,
she's hilarious and she does her secret town of Queen.
Don't tell people
she keeps to the beat.
But anyway,
it's the ice house chronical.
So always,
always a good time.
Always a good time and available.
Free.
All of it's free on iTunes as well as this podcast Joe Rogan experience.
It's on Sirius satellite radio.
We thank them very much for putting it on the opiod and Anthony Channel.
Uh,
opie and Anthony are our boys.
We loved them and little Jimmy.
So it's an honor to be on the same network as them.
But the bottom line is about this.
The show is this,
this shows always going to be free.
I mean,
it's online.
It's going to remain like this.
I think the love that we've experienced from you guys is one of the coolest,
most inspiring things that I've ever been a part of in my entire quote unquote
career in show business.
I think we figured out how to cut out all the middleman,
all the bullshit,
all the producers,
and allow people to have real fucking conversations.
Allow people who are listening to join in on a real conversation.
You know,
I'm not bullshitting you.
I might be wrong.
No,
I fucked things up.
I get things wrong.
I confused dates,
but I'll never lie.
I am not lying.
I will not.
If I,
if I,
if I tell you something,
it's because I believe it.
If I tell you something on this podcast is because I've experienced it or it's
in my mind or it's,
it's truly you're going to get my uncensored thoughts.
Every single fucking don't lie.
There
was an old thing that Brian used to do all the time after videos.
Don't lie,
but it's true.
Our,
our ethic,
all of us together and it's an important way of looking at the world,
man.
The more truthful you are with your own thoughts and the more truthful you can
be about your,
your own thoughts to other people,
the more we can all learn from each other because if you're saying something
like Bert Kreischer,
you're an honest dude.
When you tell me something,
I know that that is coming right from you.
I go,
Burke crushers and honest dude,
I can totally trust what he's saying right now.
This is a good conversation.
As soon as you can't,
you're in a bullshit conversation.
As soon as you're talking,
well,
how's everything?
You know you have you.
Have you been out to the lake this year?
As soon as you get into a bullshit conversation where you don't really care
about what you're saying,
you're just making noises with your mouth for social purposes,
you know,
and nobody's growing from that.
You're,
you're not growing from that shit that you have to do when you're in that
fucking cubicle all day talking on the phone,
answering customer service calls,
you're not growing from that.
God Damn it.
Nope.
You,
you grow from having either experiencing a real conversation through your,
through your headphones because you're tuning into this podcast or you're having
real conversations yourself.
You have a real conversations with your friends and don't,
don't keep anybody in your life where you can't have that.
If you can't have a real conversation with them,
they are just going to be a goddamn roadblock.
Those people are walking landmines and you owe it to them to tell them the
fucking truth.
Don't be that person yourself.
And if you run into one of those people,
the only way they're going to change is they're going to feel like shit because
people call them out on it and they're going to have to reassess their own
situation.
That's the only way you improve people.
You got to tell the truth.
Don't hang out with cuts and then stop giving me shit for saying the things I do
should stop giving you shit.
What are they giving you shit about nothing.
Yeah.
There's a lot of brutal red band haters out there.
You know why?
Because they look at you and they'd go,
well it could do book,
but they can't do that cause then I you so Tom the socket.
That's right.
Say it sucks some on it down in your mouth.
Bitches on a.com go to
thank you to Alienware
may also for a,
we were at my house,
which by the way,
we do have a new studio that's going to be set up it literally any day now.
We're waiting to get the green light to get in there and start,
start the construction,
but I'm excited.
I just going to be,
so I'm going to put it in a pool table.
I might put in an isolation tank if I could figure out a place to install a
shower.
Well you,
I have a place to install it.
I'm bringing,
I'm bringing this illegal wine,
not an illegal one from uh,
from the desk squad Scotland guys gave me and bringing that tomorrow.
Beautiful.
It's called buckfast.
You drink it at first you're going to be the tester.
If anyone in Los Angeles,
once a cat and they will take good care of it.
Let me know.
Don't do that.
I'm going to find some crazy cats.
She's going to skin your cat and send you photos doing Instagrams,
which you got to do and pissing in your bed.
No,
no.
It's just,
it's just I have too many animals and such a small place and it's out of
control.
Should have brought your dog over man.
I called you to see if you wanted me to do,
bring your dog over Wednesday.
Bringing dog over was coming here with coming here Wednesday.
Joey Diaz tomorrow.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the great joy and Coco motherfucking Das,
probably three.
All right.
All Right Ladies and gentlemen,
if you use a code name rogue and you will save yourself 10% off any of the
supplements at [inaudible] dot com that's o,
n n,
I t.
And again,
I discussed this before.
If you're interested in any of these things,
I suggest you go to the Onnit website because it is very comprehensive.
It discusses all the science behind it.
And I also suggest that you use Google all this stuff in Google,
the word the tropics and the controversy behind it.
And I have been a fan of them for years.
I take them on a regular basis.
I benefit from them.
That's why I saw them.
I,
uh,
I firmly believe in it enough to the point where the first 30 pills,
if you buy them,
if you don't feel that they're satisfactory,
you get a hundred percent money back guarantee.
Nobody wants you to feel ripped off.
So I can't keep repeating myself,
so I might have to record this eventually.
It's getting ridiculous.
I tried to keep these organic.
It was much more fun though.
You're right with the fleshlight keeping it organic when you're talking about
kind of dolls and
you gotta get some cannon balls and you learn how to do some Turkish getups and
needed to get off the bicep curls and tricep extensions.
You fruity bitch cause you're in balancing your body and you're going to get
dick pains.
All right.
This podcast is over.
We thank you very much for tuning in.
As always,
we thank you.
And Oh Denver this weekend hall La Brandon Walsh,
Wa wa Joey Diaz and Matt's a good show.
Yeah,
at the paramount.
It's um,
there's a big ass place.
But last I heard is think there's only a couple of hundred tickets left.
Well it's cause it's 100% amazing show.
Yeah,
it's going to be fun now Denver,
this Friday,
if you coming into the UFC in Denver,
we're at the paramount theater.
If you go to my Twitter,
I put up a link to it really recently or just Google that shit.
You could figure it out but don't go through a scalper cause they will fuck you.
That's creepy man.
When he started doing theater as Louis Ck has got it down right cause the
scalpers,
it's,
it's a weird thing when you go and you find your tickets for sale somewhere
other than the official website and because it's sold out and they're for sale
for a fuck load of money.
Louise got the business paradigm down.
I've got a copy him with everything he does except his hair
is a beautiful show.
I make it fun of,
I had to say it,
but look,
I don't have any hair so I'm going to shit,
I got an hour.
Ridiculous.
I'm going to shape minds.
It's the greatest thing I've ever done.
I feel so free.
I feel so relaxed.
Like I don't ever have to go to haircuts and by the way,
hairdressers,
we'll fucking hold you hostage with those scissors.
And I was telling him,
that's not how I operate.
Like cut the fucking hair.
Jesus Christ holding me this like members.
People do that with joints.
You know,
we had a friend that used to do that with joints all the time.
It's puff,
puff,
pass,
not pop pop up.
Beth,
let me tell you a story.
This motherfucker said to me,
and you,
your,
your whole held hostage because he's got the reefer dirty bitch tomorrow.
Joe Diaz Cock suckers get him to come to the Po to the Ice House too if we can.
Oh,
he,
I asked him.
He can't,
he can't.
He's,
he's a busy guy,
but he,
uh,
he will come if he can and he's there all the time,
but he'll be here on the podcast tomorrow.
Thank you.
Everybody go to fall.
Bert Kreischer on Twitter,
B e r t k r e,
I.
S.
C h,
e r and fall.
Brian Red Ban has r e D B,
a n on Twitter.
Holla at your boy.
You see your freaks tomorrow.
We love you.